Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: the people are outside.

Decoded sentence: there are people outside.
Answer sentence: there are people outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is outside.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person is outside.

Decoded sentence: there are are is is is is people in the the group.
Answer sentence: there are multiple people present.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the boy is outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog is running.

Decoded sentence: nobody is sitting.
Answer sentence: nobody is sitting.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: the people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: a man is working.

Decoded sentence: the man is at home sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is at home sleeping

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: two a two ride a bike in a is a the from people are wearing.
Answer sentence: two goldfish are riding bikes in a giant pile of mashed potatoes.

Decoded sentence: there are people outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are people outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the men are outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: nobody is standing.
Answer sentence: nobody is standing

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: a man is walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a man is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the people are women.
Answer sentence: the people are women

Decoded sentence: the person is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a person is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the woman is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a man.
Answer sentence: the man is a farmer

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: a boy is outside.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is indoors.
Answer sentence: the man is indoors.

Decoded sentence: at a man not watching an.
Answer sentence: not watched at alll

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two men are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two men are outside.

Decoded sentence: there is only one person present.
Answer sentence: there is only one person present.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: the man is standing.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people are walking.

Decoded sentence: a child is women.
Answer sentence: a child was there

Decoded sentence: the bird is on the rock.
Answer sentence: a bird was on rocks

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting.

Decoded sentence: nobody is sitting.
Answer sentence: nobody is sitting

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping.
Answer sentence: a person is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: a man is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: a child is playing.

Decoded sentence: they are outside.
Answer sentence: they are outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a child is outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are inside.
Answer sentence: the people are inside.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: a man is standing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the woman is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: there is a man outside.
Answer sentence: there is a man outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are indoors.
Answer sentence: the people are indoors.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: the person is outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the man is old.

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the children are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is white.
Answer sentence: the woman is white

Decoded sentence: the child is happy.
Answer sentence: the child was happy

Decoded sentence: the boy is a woman is very old.
Answer sentence: the boy is ten years old

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the grass is green.
Answer sentence: the grass was green

Decoded sentence: nobody is standing.
Answer sentence: nobody is standing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: the man is naked.

Decoded sentence: the dog is black.
Answer sentence: the dog is black.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a boy is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the boy is angry.
Answer sentence: the boys were angry

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: the dog is running.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: some people are outside.

Decoded sentence: nobody is walking.
Answer sentence: nobody is walking

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is inside.
Answer sentence: the man is inside.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking.
Answer sentence: two men are talking.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the man is old

Decoded sentence: people are walking along a beach.
Answer sentence: people are walking along the beach.

Decoded sentence: humans sitting.
Answer sentence: a human sitting

Decoded sentence: the dog is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a dog is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play together.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the men are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: the man is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: a human standing.
Answer sentence: a human standing

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep at home

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep.

Decoded sentence: nobody is walking.
Answer sentence: nobody is walking.

Decoded sentence: nobody is playing.
Answer sentence: nobody is playing

Decoded sentence: it is raining.
Answer sentence: it is raining.

Decoded sentence: it is cold outside.
Answer sentence: it is cold outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: a dog is jumping.

Decoded sentence: there is a man.
Answer sentence: there is a man.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a man is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a man is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting down.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the dog is white.
Answer sentence: the dog is white.

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is singing.
Answer sentence: a man is singing.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the men are asleep in the motel

Decoded sentence: two people are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is homeless.
Answer sentence: the man is homeless.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: people are dancing.

Decoded sentence: a tall human standing.
Answer sentence: a tall human standing

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: a man is fishing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is brown.
Answer sentence: the dog is brown.

Decoded sentence: it is raining outside.
Answer sentence: it is raining outside.

Decoded sentence: a tall human sitting.
Answer sentence: a tall human sitting

Decoded sentence: the is a the the bird.
Answer sentence: the birds were short necked

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the man is working.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the dogs are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wet.
Answer sentence: the dog is wet.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the dog is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man rides a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the child is black.
Answer sentence: the child is black

Decoded sentence: there is snow on the ground.
Answer sentence: there is snow on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the woman is happy.
Answer sentence: the woman is happy.

Decoded sentence: people swimming together.
Answer sentence: people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking.

Decoded sentence: two women are outside in a dog.
Answer sentence: two women are outside.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking.
Answer sentence: two people are walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a man is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing music.
Answer sentence: a man is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming.
Answer sentence: a dog is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is running outside.

Decoded sentence: there is one man in this a picture outside by is he and.
Answer sentence: there is one man in this picture, and he is outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a dog outside.
Answer sentence: there is a dog outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: the man is walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is surfing.
Answer sentence: a man is surfing.

Decoded sentence: there are two men.
Answer sentence: there are two men.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are married.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are married.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the girl is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: children are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a child is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two men are working.
Answer sentence: two men are working.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: the people are standing.

Decoded sentence: the man is a friends.
Answer sentence: the men are friends.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: the man is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a man is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is outside

Decoded sentence: the couple are.
Answer sentence: a couple was there

Decoded sentence: the man is young.
Answer sentence: the man is young.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: people are sitting.

Decoded sentence: people are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: people are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a man is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing.

Decoded sentence: the people are flying a plane.
Answer sentence: the people are flying a plane

Decoded sentence: two men are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two men are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is indoors.
Answer sentence: the woman is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a man is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the man is indoors.
Answer sentence: a man is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing.

Decoded sentence: they are a the group and woman are not.
Answer sentence: they hated each other

Decoded sentence: there is a man in the picture.
Answer sentence: there is one man in the picture.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: a tall human walking.
Answer sentence: tall humans walking

Decoded sentence: nobody has a shirt.
Answer sentence: nobody has a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the animal is outdoors.
Answer sentence: an animal is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is smiling.
Answer sentence: a man is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: a man is running.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a group of people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a girl is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the water.
Answer sentence: a dog is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the person is a woman.
Answer sentence: the person is a woman

Decoded sentence: there are animals outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are animals outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a dress.

Decoded sentence: the people are friends.
Answer sentence: the people are friends.

Decoded sentence: the people are asleep in their beds.
Answer sentence: the people are asleep.

Decoded sentence: the woman is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a woman is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking.
Answer sentence: a woman is cooking.

Decoded sentence: they are girls.
Answer sentence: they are girls there too

Decoded sentence: the people are on the concrete.
Answer sentence: the people were on concrete

Decoded sentence: the child is a woman is two.
Answer sentence: the child was 18 years old

Decoded sentence: the child is sleep.
Answer sentence: the child is sleep

Decoded sentence: two people talking.
Answer sentence: two people are talking.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman.
Answer sentence: there is a woman.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: the woman is standing.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the girls are outside.

Decoded sentence: a group is outside.
Answer sentence: someone is outside.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: people are standing.

Decoded sentence: animals outside.
Answer sentence: an animal is outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is smoking.
Answer sentence: a man is smoking.

Decoded sentence: humans sitting.
Answer sentence: a human sitting.

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a child is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is naked in the woman.
Answer sentence: the woman is naked

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: the man is naked

Decoded sentence: the boy is listening to music.
Answer sentence: the boy was listening to music

Decoded sentence: a human is outside.
Answer sentence: humans outside

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: a man is standing

Decoded sentence: two people are dancing.
Answer sentence: two people are dancing.

Decoded sentence: two dogs running.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the women are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the sun is the the the the group.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the men are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the boys are outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the boy is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a tall human standing.
Answer sentence: tall humans standing

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: people are running.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is painting.
Answer sentence: a man is painting.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: the man is white

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a friends.
Answer sentence: the women are friends.

Decoded sentence: the person is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the person is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the children are siblings.
Answer sentence: the children are siblings.

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the child is outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: people are outside

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: a person is surfing.
Answer sentence: a person is surfing.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a man is walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading.
Answer sentence: a man is reading.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a dance dance is dance.
Answer sentence: a man is playing dance dance revolution.

Decoded sentence: the dog and the a is in an is mud.
Answer sentence: a dog and a pig play in some mud.

Decoded sentence: they are outdoors.
Answer sentence: they are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are two people.
Answer sentence: there are two people.

Decoded sentence: there are people.
Answer sentence: there are people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping.
Answer sentence: the person is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the dog is asleep.

Decoded sentence: people are working together.
Answer sentence: people are working.

Decoded sentence: people walking outside.
Answer sentence: people are walking outside.

Decoded sentence: it is winter.
Answer sentence: it is winter.

Decoded sentence: it is the the group.
Answer sentence: it is snowing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting down.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing.

Decoded sentence: a person is walking.
Answer sentence: a person is walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is skiing.
Answer sentence: a man is skiing.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog jumps.
Answer sentence: a dog jumps.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is outside

Decoded sentence: people are having.
Answer sentence: watched by a group

Decoded sentence: they are married.
Answer sentence: they were married

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: three people are outside.
Answer sentence: three people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the woman is very old.
Answer sentence: the woman is old.

Decoded sentence: the woman is inside.
Answer sentence: the woman is inside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is driving a car.
Answer sentence: the woman is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: the man is smiling.
Answer sentence: the man is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: the man has a beard.
Answer sentence: the man has a beard.

Decoded sentence: the boy is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the boy is asleep.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the people are shopping.
Answer sentence: people are shopping.

Decoded sentence: people are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: people are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: children are playing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman is shopping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping.
Answer sentence: a man is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: a child is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: they are man in a dog walking.
Answer sentence: they are talking loud

Decoded sentence: the woman is angry.
Answer sentence: the woman is pretty

Decoded sentence: two people sitting.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting.

Decoded sentence: two men are fighting.
Answer sentence: two men are fighting.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman outside.
Answer sentence: there is a woman outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a person outside.
Answer sentence: there is a person outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two people in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two people in this picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the men are working.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing pants.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing pants.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing jeans.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: the man is running.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming.
Answer sentence: the boy is swimming.

Decoded sentence: people eating.
Answer sentence: people are eating.

Decoded sentence: nobody is playing.
Answer sentence: nobody is playing.

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: children are outside.

Decoded sentence: a puppy is sitting.
Answer sentence: a puppy is sitting.

Decoded sentence: a person is swimming.
Answer sentence: a person is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a person is skiing.
Answer sentence: a person is skiing.

Decoded sentence: the man is snowboarding.
Answer sentence: a man is snowboarding.

Decoded sentence: the skateboard is black.
Answer sentence: the skateboard was black

Decoded sentence: a rock rock.
Answer sentence: the rocks were hard

Decoded sentence: the man is taking a is taking a is a the the the the man.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a photo of a shark while deep sea diving

Decoded sentence: two dogs are sleeping.
Answer sentence: two dogs are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is one woman in this picture.

Decoded sentence: people talking.
Answer sentence: the people are talking.

Decoded sentence: people swimming together.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing shorts.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: the man is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the man is playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the man is lying in bed.
Answer sentence: the man is lying in bed.

Decoded sentence: the man is a construction worker.
Answer sentence: the man is a construction worker.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the dogs are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: it is sunny outside.
Answer sentence: it is sunny outside.

Decoded sentence: it is summer.
Answer sentence: it is summer.

Decoded sentence: the woman is running.
Answer sentence: a woman is running.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a man plays an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the man is rock climbing.
Answer sentence: a man is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a boat.
Answer sentence: a man is on a boat.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating.
Answer sentence: a man is eating.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep on the bridge

Decoded sentence: the man is a is a the is men.
Answer sentence: the man is an agent

Decoded sentence: the child is a is a is a is a the woman.
Answer sentence: the child was happy`

Decoded sentence: the boy is listening.
Answer sentence: the boy was listening

Decoded sentence: the boy likes the cowboy.
Answer sentence: the boy liked cowboys

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: people are outside

Decoded sentence: there are dogs outside.
Answer sentence: there are dogs outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming with a the group.
Answer sentence: the woman is swimming with sharks.

Decoded sentence: an empty street.
Answer sentence: the street is empty.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: the people are walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is very tired.
Answer sentence: the man is tired.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing music.
Answer sentence: the man is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: the dog is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the children are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: the children are playing.

Decoded sentence: children are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the children are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: the child is playing.

Decoded sentence: children are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the child is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: nobody is jumping.
Answer sentence: nobody is jumping

Decoded sentence: the woman is working.
Answer sentence: a woman is working.

Decoded sentence: a woman walks down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a person is standing.
Answer sentence: a person is standing.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a man walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting in a chair.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man is playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a man is playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the man is painting a bicycle with his wife.
Answer sentence: a man is painting with his wife.

Decoded sentence: the man is dancing.
Answer sentence: a man is dancing.

Decoded sentence: the man is bowling.
Answer sentence: a man is bowling.

Decoded sentence: the girl is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a girl is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog is running

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a boy is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking.
Answer sentence: the men are talking

Decoded sentence: two men are dancing.
Answer sentence: two men are dancing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the women are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is naked in the woman.
Answer sentence: the woman is naked.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: the people are outside

Decoded sentence: people eating.
Answer sentence: the people are eating.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing clothing.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing clothing.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is not wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is not wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: the man is fishing.

Decoded sentence: the man is asian.
Answer sentence: the man is asian.

Decoded sentence: the man is alone in the bathroom.
Answer sentence: the man is alone.

Decoded sentence: the man is a musician.
Answer sentence: the man is a musician.

Decoded sentence: the kids are outside.
Answer sentence: the kids are outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: the dogs are running.

Decoded sentence: a tall human sitting.
Answer sentence: tall humans sitting

Decoded sentence: people are playing football.
Answer sentence: people are playing football.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the beach.
Answer sentence: people are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: nobody is riding.
Answer sentence: nobody is riding

Decoded sentence: it is very woman out.
Answer sentence: it is daytime.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is outside

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing with her children.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing with her child.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: a man is walking

Decoded sentence: a human walking.
Answer sentence: a human walking

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: the band is playing.
Answer sentence: a band is playing.

Decoded sentence: two girls are man the is a the the the the the the the group.
Answer sentence: two girls were ther

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the dog is asleep

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping at home.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleeping at home

Decoded sentence: the child is standing.
Answer sentence: a child is standing

Decoded sentence: there is a dog.
Answer sentence: there is a dog.

Decoded sentence: there is a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming.
Answer sentence: the woman is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the woman is alone in the middle of the ocean.
Answer sentence: the woman is alone.

Decoded sentence: people are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the people are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the man is indoors.
Answer sentence: the men are indoors.

Decoded sentence: a man rides a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is bald.
Answer sentence: the man is bald.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outside.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are outside.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: the kids are playing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the child is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: nobody is looking.
Answer sentence: nobody is looking.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: children are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is singing.
Answer sentence: a woman is singing.

Decoded sentence: the man is dancing.
Answer sentence: a man is dancing

Decoded sentence: a human playing.
Answer sentence: a human playing

Decoded sentence: a group of people are swimming.
Answer sentence: a group of people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the girl is smiling.
Answer sentence: a girl is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming.
Answer sentence: a boy is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the girl is five.
Answer sentence: the girls is five

Decoded sentence: the are dressed as a cowboy.
Answer sentence: the bvoy was dressed as a cowboy

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people are walking

Decoded sentence: a young boy running.
Answer sentence: a young boy runs

Decoded sentence: an old man is talking.
Answer sentence: a old man was talking

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting.

Decoded sentence: two children are outside.
Answer sentence: two children are outside.

Decoded sentence: there are men outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a man outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are people outside in the photo of them.
Answer sentence: there are several people in this photo, and they are all outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the women are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman has blonde hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has blonde hair.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a black shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the drums.
Answer sentence: the man is playing the drums.

Decoded sentence: the man is happy in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is happy.

Decoded sentence: the man is drinking a beer in the a the the the the the.
Answer sentence: the man is drinking a beer in a pub.

Decoded sentence: the girl is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the girl is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the boy is having fun.
Answer sentence: the boy is having fun.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: some people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: humans sitting.
Answer sentence: humans sitting

Decoded sentence: four people are outside.
Answer sentence: four people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a woman is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a person is snowboarding.
Answer sentence: a person is snowboarding.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking.
Answer sentence: a man is talking.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a man is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming.
Answer sentence: a girl is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: two boys are riding a skateboard.
Answer sentence: two boys ride skateboard

Decoded sentence: the dog is a a the man.
Answer sentence: the dog is a lab

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping

Decoded sentence: two women are walking.
Answer sentence: two women are walking.

Decoded sentence: two boys are outside.
Answer sentence: two boys are outside.

Decoded sentence: three men are outside.
Answer sentence: three men are outside.

Decoded sentence: there are three people.
Answer sentence: there are three people.

Decoded sentence: there are people outside.
Answer sentence: there are people outside

Decoded sentence: the woman is running.
Answer sentence: the woman is running.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading.
Answer sentence: the man is reading.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a band.
Answer sentence: the man is in a band.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating.
Answer sentence: the man is eating.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: the man is cooking.

Decoded sentence: the girl is having fun.
Answer sentence: the girl is having fun.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: the children are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is having fun.
Answer sentence: the children are having fun.

Decoded sentence: people are playing hockey.
Answer sentence: people are playing hockey.

Decoded sentence: people are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: people are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: people are playing a game.
Answer sentence: people are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: nobody is watching.
Answer sentence: nobody is watching.

Decoded sentence: nobody is looking.
Answer sentence: nobody is looking

Decoded sentence: nobody has a shirt.
Answer sentence: nobody has a shirt

Decoded sentence: he is outside.
Answer sentence: he is outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a dress.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting.
Answer sentence: a person sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man rides a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: a man is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the man is juggling.
Answer sentence: a man is juggling.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the water.
Answer sentence: a man is in the water.

Decoded sentence: a human jumps.
Answer sentence: a human jumping

Decoded sentence: the boy is running.
Answer sentence: a boy is running.

Decoded sentence: the band is playing music.
Answer sentence: a band is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the baby is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a baby is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a baby is crying.
Answer sentence: a baby is crying.

Decoded sentence: they are outside.
Answer sentence: they are outside

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is outside

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the man is old

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep

Decoded sentence: the children are siblings.
Answer sentence: the children are siblings

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: a man is walking

Decoded sentence: there is only one person.
Answer sentence: there is only one person.

Decoded sentence: there are some children in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is one child in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are animals outside.
Answer sentence: there are animals outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smiling.
Answer sentence: the woman is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the woman is very old.
Answer sentence: the woman is old

Decoded sentence: the person is a woman.
Answer sentence: the person is a woman.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a white shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a white shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is holding something.
Answer sentence: the man is holding something.

Decoded sentence: a man eats a sandwich.
Answer sentence: the man is eating a sandwich.

Decoded sentence: the man is dancing.
Answer sentence: the man is dancing.

Decoded sentence: people are playing music.
Answer sentence: people are playing music.

Decoded sentence: the people are indoors.
Answer sentence: people are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on a the is very people the the the the the.
Answer sentence: peopl ; e were on grass

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is reading.
Answer sentence: a woman is reading.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the woman is indoors.
Answer sentence: a woman is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is driving a car.
Answer sentence: a woman is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: a person working.
Answer sentence: a person is working.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man sits on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man plays guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is performing.
Answer sentence: a man is performing.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: a human standing.
Answer sentence: a human standing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog runs.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wet.
Answer sentence: a dog is wet.

Decoded sentence: the child is running.
Answer sentence: a child is running.

Decoded sentence: the man is a because is the man.
Answer sentence: the man is forty

Decoded sentence: the child is white.
Answer sentence: the child is white

Decoded sentence: two women are talking.
Answer sentence: two women are talking.

Decoded sentence: there are two women.
Answer sentence: there are two women.

Decoded sentence: there are three men.
Answer sentence: there are three men.

Decoded sentence: there are people outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are people outdoors

Decoded sentence: there are people indoors.
Answer sentence: there are people indoors.

Decoded sentence: there are many people in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are many people in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are children outside.
Answer sentence: there are children outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a sisters.
Answer sentence: the women are sisters.

Decoded sentence: the woman is young.
Answer sentence: the woman is young.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is outside

Decoded sentence: the shirt is red.
Answer sentence: the shirt is red.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting down.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting down.

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: the people are running.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the men are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the man is a brother.
Answer sentence: the men are brothers.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the men are asleep.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.

Decoded sentence: the man is dead.
Answer sentence: the man is dead.

Decoded sentence: the man is an artist.
Answer sentence: the man is an artist.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a dress.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the girl is sleeping in her bed.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming.
Answer sentence: the dog is swimming.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: some people are walking.

Decoded sentence: nobody is working.
Answer sentence: nobody is working.

Decoded sentence: it is the the group.
Answer sentence: it is snowing outside.

Decoded sentence: it is night some night.
Answer sentence: it is night time.

Decoded sentence: a tall human walking.
Answer sentence: a tall human walking

Decoded sentence: a person is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a shower.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a shower.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the piano.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing golf.
Answer sentence: a man is playing golf.

Decoded sentence: a man is painting a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is painting a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a bike.
Answer sentence: a man is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are walking.
Answer sentence: a group of people are walking.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping.
Answer sentence: a girl is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the man is working

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is outdoors

Decoded sentence: the people are at home sleeping.
Answer sentence: people are at home sleeping

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog is running

Decoded sentence: two women are dancing.
Answer sentence: two women are dancing.

Decoded sentence: two people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: two people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: two men sit.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running outside.

Decoded sentence: there are animals outside.
Answer sentence: there is an animal outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a person outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a person outdoors

Decoded sentence: there are children playing.
Answer sentence: there are children playing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: the women are dancing.

Decoded sentence: a woman is skiing down a mountain.
Answer sentence: the woman is skiing down a mountain.

Decoded sentence: the woman is beautiful.
Answer sentence: the woman is beautiful.

Decoded sentence: two men are friends.
Answer sentence: the two men are friends.

Decoded sentence: the person is a man.
Answer sentence: the person is a man.

Decoded sentence: people are the rock woman at the beach.
Answer sentence: the people are skipping rocks at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing football.
Answer sentence: the men are playing football.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the men are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the man is young.
Answer sentence: the man is young

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing white.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a jacket.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: the man is walking

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting in a chair.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is cold.
Answer sentence: the man is cold.

Decoded sentence: the man is at work.
Answer sentence: the man is at work.

Decoded sentence: the man is alone in the bathroom.
Answer sentence: the man is alone

Decoded sentence: the girls are sisters.
Answer sentence: the girls are sisters.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing outside.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is very happy.
Answer sentence: the dog is happy.

Decoded sentence: the boy is running.
Answer sentence: the boy is running.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: the boy is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is jumping.
Answer sentence: the boy is jumping.

Decoded sentence: a tall human sitting.
Answer sentence: tall humans sitting.

Decoded sentence: people are playing cricket in ground.
Answer sentence: some peoples are playing cricket in ground

Decoded sentence: nobody is watching.
Answer sentence: nobody is watching

Decoded sentence: nobody is running.
Answer sentence: nobody is running.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: men are outside.

Decoded sentence: it is dark outside.
Answer sentence: it is dark outside.

Decoded sentence: humans sitting.
Answer sentence: humans sitting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a women is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smiling.
Answer sentence: a woman is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the woman is painting.
Answer sentence: a woman is painting.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting down.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: a person running.
Answer sentence: a person is running.

Decoded sentence: the person is on a bike.
Answer sentence: a person is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man walks to work.
Answer sentence: a man is walking to work.

Decoded sentence: a man walking his dog.
Answer sentence: a man is walking his dog.

Decoded sentence: a man taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: a man is sleeping on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man running a marathon.
Answer sentence: a man is running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a sign.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a sign.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a camera.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a camera.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a dog runs outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog running.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is outside

Decoded sentence: two women are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two women are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two men are wrestling.
Answer sentence: two men are wrestling.

Decoded sentence: two men play baseball.
Answer sentence: two men are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two dogs are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two children play.
Answer sentence: two children are playing.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in the picture.
Answer sentence: there is a man in this picture

Decoded sentence: there is a crowd.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd.

Decoded sentence: there are two women.
Answer sentence: there are two women

Decoded sentence: there are two people in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two people in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are people walking.
Answer sentence: there are people walking.

Decoded sentence: there are many people in this a picture of them.
Answer sentence: there are many people in this picture, and they are all outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing pants.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing pants.

Decoded sentence: the woman is black.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing black.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asian.
Answer sentence: the woman is asian.

Decoded sentence: the woman has blond hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has blond hair.

Decoded sentence: two men are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the two men are outside.

Decoded sentence: the two men are brothers.
Answer sentence: the two men are brothers.

Decoded sentence: people are working together.
Answer sentence: the people are working.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: the people are dancing

Decoded sentence: the people are at a party.
Answer sentence: the people are at a party.

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: the men are naked.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: the man is white.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a green shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is surfing.
Answer sentence: the man is surfing.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: the man is standing

Decoded sentence: the girl is young.
Answer sentence: the girl is young

Decoded sentence: the girl is smiling.
Answer sentence: the girl is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the girl is indoors.
Answer sentence: the girl is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing each other.
Answer sentence: the dogs are chasing each other.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing

Decoded sentence: the dog is black.
Answer sentence: the dog is black

Decoded sentence: the boy is a brother.
Answer sentence: the boys are brothers.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing outside.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is inside.
Answer sentence: the boy is inside.

Decoded sentence: the band is playing music.
Answer sentence: the band is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the baby is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the baby is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: someone is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: someone is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: people standing outside.
Answer sentence: people are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: kids are playing.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking to work.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking to work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleeping

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing

Decoded sentence: a tall human sitting.
Answer sentence: a tall human sitting.

Decoded sentence: a person standing.
Answer sentence: a person standing

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man sleeps.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: a man is standing

Decoded sentence: the man is sleep.
Answer sentence: a man is sleep.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a man is playing basketball

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is outdoors

Decoded sentence: the man is making music.
Answer sentence: a man is making music.

Decoded sentence: the man is holding something.
Answer sentence: a man is holding something.

Decoded sentence: a human riding.
Answer sentence: a human riding

Decoded sentence: humans are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a human is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is running.
Answer sentence: a girl is running.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a girl is outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with the the mud in the mud.
Answer sentence: a dog plays with a pig in some mud.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing with a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a boy is riding his bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is jumping.
Answer sentence: a boy is jumping.

Decoded sentence: a band is performing on stage.
Answer sentence: a band is performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: the people are running through fire.
Answer sentence: the people are running through fire

Decoded sentence: the people are a couple.
Answer sentence: the people are a couple

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: the man is standing

Decoded sentence: the girl is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the girl is asleep

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is outside

Decoded sentence: the child is on asleep asleep.
Answer sentence: the child is on his bed asleep

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is outside

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: a woman is asleep at home at midnight

Decoded sentence: a man outside.
Answer sentence: a man outside

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing.
Answer sentence: two people are kissing.

Decoded sentence: two men play basketball.
Answer sentence: two men are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: two men are watching tv and hot dog.
Answer sentence: two men are eating hot dogs while watching tv.

Decoded sentence: two girls are outside.
Answer sentence: two girls are outside.

Decoded sentence: they are indoors.
Answer sentence: they are indoors.

Decoded sentence: they are having fun.
Answer sentence: they are having fun.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman in this picture outside.
Answer sentence: there is one woman in this picture and she is outside.

Decoded sentence: there is more than one person.
Answer sentence: there is more than one person.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two men in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are two men.
Answer sentence: there are two men

Decoded sentence: there are two children.
Answer sentence: there are two children.

Decoded sentence: there are people at the beach.
Answer sentence: there are people at the beach.

Decoded sentence: there are men outside.
Answer sentence: there are men outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is white.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing white.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing jeans.

Decoded sentence: a woman is tired.
Answer sentence: the woman is tired.

Decoded sentence: a woman is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the woman is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: the woman is dancing.

Decoded sentence: the woman has brown hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has brown hair.

Decoded sentence: people are watching a movie.
Answer sentence: the people are watching a movie.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: the people are dancing.

Decoded sentence: the man is inside.
Answer sentence: the men are inside.

Decoded sentence: the man is black.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing black.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a suit.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a suit.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking.
Answer sentence: the man is talking.

Decoded sentence: a man taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the man is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing up.
Answer sentence: the man is standing up.

Decoded sentence: the man is singing.
Answer sentence: the man is singing.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading a book.
Answer sentence: the man is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: the man is playing the piano.

Decoded sentence: the man is performing.
Answer sentence: the man is performing.

Decoded sentence: the man is painting.
Answer sentence: the man is painting.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping.
Answer sentence: the man is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the man is in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is black.
Answer sentence: the man is black.

Decoded sentence: the man has a camera.
Answer sentence: the man has a camera.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sitting.
Answer sentence: the dog is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is running outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is large.
Answer sentence: the dog is large.

Decoded sentence: the child is inside.
Answer sentence: the children are inside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the boy is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a baby is crying.
Answer sentence: the baby is crying.

Decoded sentence: people talking.
Answer sentence: people are talking.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting down.
Answer sentence: people are sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the people are drinking.
Answer sentence: people are drinking.

Decoded sentence: nobody is talking.
Answer sentence: nobody is talking.

Decoded sentence: nobody is running.
Answer sentence: nobody is running

Decoded sentence: it is a warm the warm outside.
Answer sentence: it is warm outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smoking.
Answer sentence: a woman is smoking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a woman is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: the woman is inside.
Answer sentence: a woman is inside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: a woman is asleep.

Decoded sentence: a tall human playing.
Answer sentence: a tall human playing

Decoded sentence: a person is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a person is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: a person skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a person is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: a person is riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a person is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a man rides a horse.

Decoded sentence: a man outside.
Answer sentence: a man outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is working outside.
Answer sentence: a man is working outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: a man is playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: the man is inside.
Answer sentence: a man is inside.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a boat.
Answer sentence: a man is in a boat.

Decoded sentence: the man is exercising.
Answer sentence: a man is exercising.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a group of people outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is walking.
Answer sentence: a girl is walking.

Decoded sentence: a dog outside.
Answer sentence: a dog outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog is chasing a ball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a boy is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the dogs are asleep

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking

Decoded sentence: two people standing.
Answer sentence: two people are standing.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting down.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting down.

Decoded sentence: two men running.
Answer sentence: two men are running.

Decoded sentence: two men are fishing.
Answer sentence: two men are fishing.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play together.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing.

Decoded sentence: they are inside.
Answer sentence: they are inside.

Decoded sentence: there is a person outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a person outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a girl outside.
Answer sentence: there is a girl outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a boy.
Answer sentence: there is a boy.

Decoded sentence: there are two girls.
Answer sentence: there are two girls.

Decoded sentence: there are two animals in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two animals in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are people dancing.
Answer sentence: there are people dancing.

Decoded sentence: there are children outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are children outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the woman is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the woman is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the woman is naked in the woman.
Answer sentence: the woman is naked

Decoded sentence: the woman is exercising.
Answer sentence: the woman is exercising.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating.
Answer sentence: the woman is eating.

Decoded sentence: the sun is set.
Answer sentence: the sun is setting.

Decoded sentence: the person is a man.
Answer sentence: the person is a man

Decoded sentence: people are swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: people are protesting.
Answer sentence: the people are protesting.

Decoded sentence: people are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the people are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the restaurant.
Answer sentence: the people are at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a man is swimming across the ocean.
Answer sentence: the men are swimming across the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is a construction worker.
Answer sentence: the men are construction workers.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing blue.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing blue.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a dress.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a bike

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the flute.
Answer sentence: the man is playing the flute.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the man is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is outdoors

Decoded sentence: the man is moving.
Answer sentence: the man is moving.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: the man is driving his car.

Decoded sentence: the man is clean is.
Answer sentence: the man is clean shaven.

Decoded sentence: the man is blind.
Answer sentence: the man is blind.

Decoded sentence: the man is a chef.
Answer sentence: the man is a chef.

Decoded sentence: the lady is outside.
Answer sentence: the lady is outside.

Decoded sentence: the girls are friends.
Answer sentence: the girls are friends.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing.
Answer sentence: the girl is standing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is happy.
Answer sentence: the girl is happy.

Decoded sentence: the dog is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the dog is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the dog is small.
Answer sentence: the dog is small.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: the dog is running

Decoded sentence: the dog is dry.
Answer sentence: the dog is dry.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a cat.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a cat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is a.
Answer sentence: the dog is a poodle.

Decoded sentence: a couple is outside.
Answer sentence: the couple is outside.

Decoded sentence: the couple are in love.
Answer sentence: the couple is in love.

Decoded sentence: the child is a girl.
Answer sentence: the child is a girl.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing shorts.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: the boy is walking.
Answer sentence: the boy is walking.

Decoded sentence: the boy is happy.
Answer sentence: the boy is happy.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: some people are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: people outside.

Decoded sentence: people riding bikes.
Answer sentence: people are riding bikes.

Decoded sentence: people playing a sport.
Answer sentence: people are playing sports.

Decoded sentence: nobody is posing.
Answer sentence: nobody is posing.

Decoded sentence: nobody is performing.
Answer sentence: nobody is performing.

Decoded sentence: nobody is jumping.
Answer sentence: nobody is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a cat.
Answer sentence: men are riding a cat.

Decoded sentence: a woman walks down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a picture.

Decoded sentence: the woman is jumping.
Answer sentence: a woman is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is jogging.
Answer sentence: a woman is jogging.

Decoded sentence: the woman is exercising.
Answer sentence: a woman is exercising.

Decoded sentence: the man is tall.
Answer sentence: a tall man.

Decoded sentence: a person in a shirt.
Answer sentence: a person in a shirt

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a man takes a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man stands outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a man riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a man reads a book.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing music.
Answer sentence: a man plays music.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a suit.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a suit.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a jacket.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a blue shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the lake.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is shopping.
Answer sentence: a man is shopping.

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: a man is running

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man is riding his bike.

Decoded sentence: a man is preparing food.
Answer sentence: a man is preparing food.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing football.
Answer sentence: a man is playing football.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the street.
Answer sentence: a man is on the street.

Decoded sentence: a man gives a speech.
Answer sentence: a man is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: the man is climbing.
Answer sentence: a man is climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man has a camera.
Answer sentence: a man has a camera.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are dancing.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are dancing.

Decoded sentence: a human in a shirt.
Answer sentence: a human in a shirt

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a girl is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the girl is eating.
Answer sentence: a girl is eating.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with his toy.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing with a toy.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing catch.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing catch.

Decoded sentence: the couple is at christmas a a parade.
Answer sentence: a couple is at a christmas parade.

Decoded sentence: the child is swimming.
Answer sentence: a child is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the child is crying.
Answer sentence: a child is crying.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a boy is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a are.
Answer sentence: the woman is a seductress

Decoded sentence: a man standing in a park.
Answer sentence: some men standing in a park

Decoded sentence: the man is laying at the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is laying at the beach

Decoded sentence: two people are walking outside.
Answer sentence: two people are walking outside.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing outside.
Answer sentence: two people are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: two people having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two people are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two men having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two men are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs are outside

Decoded sentence: three people are walking.
Answer sentence: three people are walking.

Decoded sentence: there is a child outside.
Answer sentence: there is a child outside.

Decoded sentence: there are some children in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a child in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are three dogs.
Answer sentence: there are three dogs.

Decoded sentence: there are people in a picture.
Answer sentence: there are several people in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are people on a street.
Answer sentence: there are people on the street.

Decoded sentence: there is a man.
Answer sentence: there are men.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing red.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a skirt.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a skirt.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is singing.
Answer sentence: the woman is singing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: the woman is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the woman is reading a book.
Answer sentence: the woman is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the street is busy.
Answer sentence: the street is busy.

Decoded sentence: the pets are sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the pets are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: people riding bikes.
Answer sentence: the people are riding bikes.

Decoded sentence: people are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the people are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: people are playing a game.
Answer sentence: the people are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: people are happy.
Answer sentence: the people are happy.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a game.
Answer sentence: the men are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the men are old.

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the men are old

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: the man is smoking.
Answer sentence: the man is smoking.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing football.
Answer sentence: the man is playing football.

Decoded sentence: the man is nude.
Answer sentence: the man is nude.

Decoded sentence: the man is making music.
Answer sentence: the man is making music.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the water.
Answer sentence: the man is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the air.
Answer sentence: the man is in the air.

Decoded sentence: the man is going to work.
Answer sentence: the man is going to work.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming.
Answer sentence: the girl is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the girl is happy.
Answer sentence: the girl is happy

Decoded sentence: the dog is fighting.
Answer sentence: the dogs are fighting.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch with his owner.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing fetch with his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the water.
Answer sentence: the dog is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is having fun.
Answer sentence: the dog is having fun.

Decoded sentence: the dog is very happy.
Answer sentence: the dog is happy

Decoded sentence: the child is having fun.
Answer sentence: the child is having fun.

Decoded sentence: the boy is smiling.
Answer sentence: the boy is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the boy is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: some people are standing.

Decoded sentence: people are walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: people are walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: people are walking down a street.
Answer sentence: people are walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: people are swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: people are swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the people are singing.
Answer sentence: people are singing.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a concert.
Answer sentence: people are at a concert.

Decoded sentence: the is are not very out.
Answer sentence: nobody is here.

Decoded sentence: nobody has a jacket.
Answer sentence: nobody has a jacket.

Decoded sentence: nobody has a hat.
Answer sentence: nobody has a hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: men are working.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing outside.
Answer sentence: kids are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: it is a sunny day.
Answer sentence: it is a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the animal is jumping.
Answer sentence: an animal jumping

Decoded sentence: a young girl is outside.
Answer sentence: a young girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the woman is surfing.
Answer sentence: a woman is surfing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sewing.
Answer sentence: a woman is sewing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is bowling.
Answer sentence: a woman is bowling.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a tall person in a shirt.
Answer sentence: a tall person in a shirt

Decoded sentence: a person sitting.
Answer sentence: a person sitting

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a person rides a bike.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is climbing.
Answer sentence: a person is climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: a man sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man sits outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man plays a guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike.
Answer sentence: a man on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: a man is working

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a black shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping outside.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on the couch.

Decoded sentence: a man is shoveling snow.
Answer sentence: a man is shoveling snow.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a bull.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bull.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the drums.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the drums.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a man is playing an instrument

Decoded sentence: the man is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a ladder.
Answer sentence: a man is on a ladder.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping.
Answer sentence: a man is jumping

Decoded sentence: the man is jogging.
Answer sentence: a man is jogging.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating dinner.
Answer sentence: a man is eating dinner.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: a man is driving his car.

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a tree.
Answer sentence: a man is climbing a tree.

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a mountain.
Answer sentence: a man is climbing a mountain.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outside.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: a dog is jumping

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a cat.
Answer sentence: a dog is chasing a cat.

Decoded sentence: the boy is reading.
Answer sentence: a boy is reading.

Decoded sentence: the band is performing.
Answer sentence: a band is performing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is outside

Decoded sentence: the man is a a two.
Answer sentence: the men are thieves

Decoded sentence: the girl is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the girls is asleep

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: people are standing

Decoded sentence: a man sleeping on a couch.
Answer sentence: a man sleeping on a couch

Decoded sentence: a human outside.
Answer sentence: a human outside

Decoded sentence: two people are swimming.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding bikes.
Answer sentence: two people are riding bikes.

Decoded sentence: two people are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: two people are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two men play tennis.
Answer sentence: two men are playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: two men play instruments.
Answer sentence: two men are playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: two men are inside.
Answer sentence: two men are inside.

Decoded sentence: two animals are outside.
Answer sentence: two animals are outside.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing.
Answer sentence: three children are playing.

Decoded sentence: they are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: they are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in the picture.
Answer sentence: there is one man in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there is no water.
Answer sentence: there is no water.

Decoded sentence: there are women outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a woman outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a person in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a person in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are men sitting.
Answer sentence: there is a man sitting

Decoded sentence: there are dogs outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a dog outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are two people.
Answer sentence: there are two people

Decoded sentence: there are people in a picture.
Answer sentence: there are some people in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are people in a photo.
Answer sentence: there are several people in this photo.

Decoded sentence: there are people sleeping.
Answer sentence: there are people sleeping.

Decoded sentence: there are people sitting.
Answer sentence: there are people sitting.

Decoded sentence: there are men outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are men outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are kids outside.
Answer sentence: there are kids outside.

Decoded sentence: there are four people.
Answer sentence: there are four people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: the women are wearing dresses.

Decoded sentence: the woman is inside.
Answer sentence: the women are inside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is shopping.
Answer sentence: the woman is shopping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is moving.
Answer sentence: the woman is moving.

Decoded sentence: a woman is a.
Answer sentence: the woman is blonde.

Decoded sentence: the woman has black hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has black hair.

Decoded sentence: the water is cold.
Answer sentence: the water is cold.

Decoded sentence: an empty street.
Answer sentence: the streets are empty.

Decoded sentence: the people are tourist.
Answer sentence: the people are tourists.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleep.
Answer sentence: the people are sleep.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting

Decoded sentence: the people are inside.
Answer sentence: the people are inside

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: the men are standing.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the man is a friends.
Answer sentence: the men are friends

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: the man is white

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing red.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing boots.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing boots.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a cowboy hat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a cowboy hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking outside.
Answer sentence: the man is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is shirtless.
Answer sentence: the man is shirtless.

Decoded sentence: a man running a marathon.
Answer sentence: the man is running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the man is resting.
Answer sentence: the man is resting.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the man is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the man is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a game.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the beach.
Answer sentence: the man is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: the man is naked

Decoded sentence: the man is a street performer.
Answer sentence: the man is a street performer.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a man.
Answer sentence: the man is a farmer.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are a couple.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are a couple.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the girls are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: the girl is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the girl is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the girl is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing

Decoded sentence: the dog is walking.
Answer sentence: the dog is walking.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is inside.
Answer sentence: the dog is inside.

Decoded sentence: the couple is married.
Answer sentence: the couple is married.

Decoded sentence: the child is swimming.
Answer sentence: the children are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing a game.
Answer sentence: the children are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the children are friends.
Answer sentence: the children are friends.

Decoded sentence: the child is running.
Answer sentence: the child is running.

Decoded sentence: the child is indoors.
Answer sentence: the child is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is a boy.
Answer sentence: the child is a boy.

Decoded sentence: the boy is a friends.
Answer sentence: the boys are friends.

Decoded sentence: the boy is young.
Answer sentence: the boy is young.

Decoded sentence: humans sitting.
Answer sentence: some humans sitting.

Decoded sentence: people walking outside.
Answer sentence: people walking outside.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people are walking

Decoded sentence: nobody is smiling.
Answer sentence: nobody is smiling

Decoded sentence: nobody is dancing.
Answer sentence: nobody is dancing.

Decoded sentence: it is the middle of the summer.
Answer sentence: it is the middle of summer.

Decoded sentence: it is very people out.
Answer sentence: it is summertime.

Decoded sentence: it is hot outside.
Answer sentence: it is hot outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is singing into the microphone.
Answer sentence: a woman sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming.
Answer sentence: a woman is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting

Decoded sentence: the woman is in the water.
Answer sentence: a woman is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking dinner.
Answer sentence: a woman is cooking dinner.

Decoded sentence: a tall human riding.
Answer sentence: a tall human riding

Decoded sentence: a tall human looking.
Answer sentence: a tall human looking

Decoded sentence: a tall human jumping.
Answer sentence: a tall human jumping

Decoded sentence: a surfer rides the wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer rides a wave.

Decoded sentence: a person is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a person playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a person is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person is outside

Decoded sentence: a person is on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a person is on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is trying to his dog something.
Answer sentence: a man tries to pet a dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: a man sits.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting in a chair.
Answer sentence: a man sits in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the drums.
Answer sentence: a man plays the drums.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps.
Answer sentence: a man jumps.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping in his bed.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting indoors.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting indoors.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing a musical instrument.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man is enjoying himself.
Answer sentence: a man is enjoying himself.

Decoded sentence: the man is driving.
Answer sentence: a man is driving.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking food.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking food.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking dinner.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking dinner.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: a man is asleep.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is playing.
Answer sentence: a little girl is playing.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is outside.
Answer sentence: a little girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: a little boy is outside.
Answer sentence: a little boy is outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people.
Answer sentence: a group of people.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing.
Answer sentence: a girl is standing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting.
Answer sentence: a girl is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the girl is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a girl is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: people are listening to music at a house party.
Answer sentence: a few people are listening to music at a house party.

Decoded sentence: the female is outside.
Answer sentence: a female is outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running in the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog is running in the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the water.
Answer sentence: a dog is in water.

Decoded sentence: the child is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a child is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a boy is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: a boy is outside

Decoded sentence: the people are young.
Answer sentence: the people are young

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: the people are walking

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: the people are outdoors

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: the man is running

Decoded sentence: the man is an athlete.
Answer sentence: the man is an athlete

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: the dog is running

Decoded sentence: the dog is a woman.
Answer sentence: the dog is a shitzu

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping in the living room.
Answer sentence: the children sleep in the living room

Decoded sentence: the child is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the children are asleep

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: people are sitting

Decoded sentence: two people working.
Answer sentence: two people are working.

Decoded sentence: two people running.
Answer sentence: two people are running.

Decoded sentence: two men standing.
Answer sentence: two men are standing.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing outside.
Answer sentence: two men are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: two men are sleeping.
Answer sentence: two men are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: two men are riding bikes.
Answer sentence: two men are riding bikes.

Decoded sentence: two men play soccer.
Answer sentence: two men are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two dogs outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs outside.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: three people are outdoors.
Answer sentence: three people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: they are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: they are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: they are outside.
Answer sentence: they are outside

Decoded sentence: there is one person in this a picture outside by them.
Answer sentence: there is one person in this picture, and they are outside.

Decoded sentence: there are animals outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is an animal outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a boy outside.
Answer sentence: there is a boy outside.

Decoded sentence: there are people playing football.
Answer sentence: there are people playing football.

Decoded sentence: there are no people outside.
Answer sentence: there are no people outside.

Decoded sentence: there are animals outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are animals outdoors

Decoded sentence: the workers are outside.
Answer sentence: the workers are outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smiling.
Answer sentence: the women are smiling.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a sisters.
Answer sentence: the women are sisters

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a bikini.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a bikini.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: the woman is standing

Decoded sentence: the woman is relaxing.
Answer sentence: the woman is relaxing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is laying down.
Answer sentence: the woman is laying down.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking dinner.
Answer sentence: the woman is cooking dinner.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep in bed.

Decoded sentence: the weather is cold.
Answer sentence: the weather is cold.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the two dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: a person wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the person is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: a person is walking.
Answer sentence: the person is walking.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: the person is outside

Decoded sentence: a person is inside.
Answer sentence: the person is inside.

Decoded sentence: people standing outside.
Answer sentence: the people are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the people are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting inside.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting inside.

Decoded sentence: the people are on vacation.
Answer sentence: the people are on vacation.

Decoded sentence: people are having fun.
Answer sentence: the people are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the men are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: the men are playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a pink shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a coat.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: the man is walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: the man is taking a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming

Decoded sentence: the man is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: the man is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is shopping.
Answer sentence: the man is shopping.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing golf.
Answer sentence: the man is playing golf.

Decoded sentence: the man is nude.
Answer sentence: the man is nude

Decoded sentence: the man is in the desert.
Answer sentence: the man is in the desert.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the car.
Answer sentence: the man is in a car.

Decoded sentence: the man is happy in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is happy

Decoded sentence: the man is exercising.
Answer sentence: the man is exercising.

Decoded sentence: the man is clothed.
Answer sentence: the man is clothed.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the man is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is at home.
Answer sentence: the man is at home.

Decoded sentence: the man has no shirt on.
Answer sentence: the man has no shirt on.

Decoded sentence: the man has brown hair.
Answer sentence: the man has brown hair.

Decoded sentence: the lady is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the lady is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the kids are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the kids are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing outside.
Answer sentence: the kids are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is running.
Answer sentence: the girl is running.

Decoded sentence: the girl is reading a book.
Answer sentence: the girl is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the girl is inside.
Answer sentence: the girl is inside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is blonde.
Answer sentence: the girl is blonde.

Decoded sentence: the girl is bald.
Answer sentence: the girl is bald.

Decoded sentence: the girl is alone.
Answer sentence: the girl is alone.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is red.
Answer sentence: the dog is red.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the baby is a boy.
Answer sentence: the baby is a boy.

Decoded sentence: animals outside.
Answer sentence: the animal is outside.

Decoded sentence: a tall human watching.
Answer sentence: tall humans watching

Decoded sentence: a tall human playing.
Answer sentence: tall humans playing

Decoded sentence: a group plays instruments.
Answer sentence: someone is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: someone is jumping.
Answer sentence: someone is jumping.

Decoded sentence: a group of cooking.
Answer sentence: someone is cooking.

Decoded sentence: people swimming together.
Answer sentence: some people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: a human walking.
Answer sentence: some humans walking.

Decoded sentence: a human standing.
Answer sentence: some humans standing.

Decoded sentence: she is outside.
Answer sentence: she is outside.

Decoded sentence: people playing instruments.
Answer sentence: people are playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: people are performing.
Answer sentence: people are performing.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the park.
Answer sentence: people are at the park.

Decoded sentence: nobody is working.
Answer sentence: nobody is working

Decoded sentence: nobody is riding.
Answer sentence: nobody is riding.

Decoded sentence: it is a summer at his summer.
Answer sentence: it is summer time.

Decoded sentence: animals outside.
Answer sentence: animals are outside.

Decoded sentence: animals are running.
Answer sentence: an animal running

Decoded sentence: the woman is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a woman reads a book.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking a dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking her dog.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming in the lake.
Answer sentence: a woman is swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: a woman is running outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is running outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is performing.
Answer sentence: a woman is performing.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a camera.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a camera.

Decoded sentence: a woman gives a speech.
Answer sentence: a woman is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: a tall person sitting.
Answer sentence: a tall person sitting.

Decoded sentence: a person standing.
Answer sentence: a person standing.

Decoded sentence: a person a person.
Answer sentence: a person skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: a person is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: a person is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: a person is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a person is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is singing.
Answer sentence: a person is singing.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a person is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: a person jumping.
Answer sentence: a person is jumping.

Decoded sentence: a person is in the water.
Answer sentence: a person is in the water.

Decoded sentence: a person is eating.
Answer sentence: a person is eating.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing blue.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing blue.

Decoded sentence: the man is black.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing black.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a man is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a man is watching tv

Decoded sentence: the man is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a man is walking outside

Decoded sentence: the man is walking home.
Answer sentence: a man is walking home.

Decoded sentence: a man is smoking a cigarette.
Answer sentence: a man is smoking a cigarette.

Decoded sentence: the man is skating.
Answer sentence: a man is skating.

Decoded sentence: the man is shirtless.
Answer sentence: a man is shirtless.

Decoded sentence: the man is is is is is is is is is is men.
Answer sentence: a man is shaving.

Decoded sentence: the man is running outside.
Answer sentence: a man is running outside.

Decoded sentence: a man is reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: a man is reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing with the dog.
Answer sentence: a man is playing with his dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing checkers.
Answer sentence: a man is playing checkers.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man is on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking at something.
Answer sentence: a man is looking at something.

Decoded sentence: the man is homeless.
Answer sentence: a man is homeless.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a microphone.

Decoded sentence: the man is at work.
Answer sentence: a man is at work.

Decoded sentence: the man has a white shirt.
Answer sentence: a man has a white shirt.

Decoded sentence: the male is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a male is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a human walking.
Answer sentence: a human walking.

Decoded sentence: the a a woman is eating a cow of a playing.
Answer sentence: a herd of cows are eating some hummus.

Decoded sentence: a group of people outdoors.
Answer sentence: a group of people outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are dancing.
Answer sentence: a group of people are dancing.

Decoded sentence: a group of men are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a group of men are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: a girl jumps.
Answer sentence: a girl jumps.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a girl is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is walking.
Answer sentence: a dog is walking.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a dog is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a couple is outside.
Answer sentence: a couple is outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is in the water.
Answer sentence: a boy is in the water.

Decoded sentence: two men are skydiving.
Answer sentence: two men are skydiving

Decoded sentence: the woman is a model.
Answer sentence: the women are models

Decoded sentence: the woman is a is a are is are is together in her.
Answer sentence: the woman is in the cemetary visiting

Decoded sentence: the woman is a is a is a the is on the a man.
Answer sentence: the woman is a waitress

Decoded sentence: the person is at home taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the person is at home taking a nap

Decoded sentence: the people are at the the her sleeping.
Answer sentence: the people are at the cabin sleeping

Decoded sentence: the man is young.
Answer sentence: the man is young

Decoded sentence: the man is eating a the the the the man.
Answer sentence: the man is eating shrimp at home

Decoded sentence: the man is a model.
Answer sentence: the man is a model

Decoded sentence: the girl is the.
Answer sentence: the girls are fifteen

Decoded sentence: the girl is white.
Answer sentence: the girl is white

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is black.
Answer sentence: the dog is black

Decoded sentence: the boy is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the boy is outdoors

Decoded sentence: people are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: people play soccer

Decoded sentence: a woman outside.
Answer sentence: a woman outside

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a girl is outside

Decoded sentence: the boy is watching tv at the the the the the the the the.
Answer sentence: a boy is watching tv at a ymca

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: a boy is outside

Decoded sentence: two women walk down a street.
Answer sentence: two women are walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: two men are working outside.
Answer sentence: two men are working outside.

Decoded sentence: two girls are walking.
Answer sentence: two girls are walking.

Decoded sentence: two girls are a the the is.
Answer sentence: two girls are sking.

Decoded sentence: two girls play.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play together.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing together.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are near each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs are near each other.

Decoded sentence: three men are singing in the street.
Answer sentence: three men are singing in the streets.

Decoded sentence: they are watching tv.
Answer sentence: they are watching tv.

Decoded sentence: they are happy.
Answer sentence: they are happy.

Decoded sentence: they are at the beach.
Answer sentence: they are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: they are all friends.
Answer sentence: they are all friends.

Decoded sentence: there are men outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a man outdoors

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people

Decoded sentence: there is a woman.
Answer sentence: there are women.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs outside.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs

Decoded sentence: there are people walking outside.
Answer sentence: there are people walking outside.

Decoded sentence: there are people sitting.
Answer sentence: there are people sitting

Decoded sentence: there are people on a beach.
Answer sentence: there are people on the beach.

Decoded sentence: there are people inside.
Answer sentence: there are people inside.

Decoded sentence: there are people in the water.
Answer sentence: there are people in the water.

Decoded sentence: there are many people.
Answer sentence: there are many people.

Decoded sentence: there are many people outside.
Answer sentence: there are many people outside.

Decoded sentence: there are at least two people.
Answer sentence: there are at least two people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming in the lake.
Answer sentence: the women are swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: the women are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a friends.
Answer sentence: the women are friends

Decoded sentence: the woman is young.
Answer sentence: the woman is young

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing clothing.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing clothing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing blue.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing blue.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: a woman is taking a shower.
Answer sentence: the woman is taking a shower.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting in her chair.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the woman is driving a car.
Answer sentence: the woman is driving her car.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cold.
Answer sentence: the woman is cold.

Decoded sentence: the woman is clothed.
Answer sentence: the woman is clothed.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a model.
Answer sentence: the woman is a model.

Decoded sentence: the woman has red hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has red hair.

Decoded sentence: the weather is nice.
Answer sentence: the weather is nice.

Decoded sentence: the sun is a dog.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining brightly.

Decoded sentence: an empty stage.
Answer sentence: the stage is empty.

Decoded sentence: the shirts are black.
Answer sentence: the shirt is black.

Decoded sentence: an empty room.
Answer sentence: the room is empty

Decoded sentence: a person is standing.
Answer sentence: the person is standing.

Decoded sentence: a person is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: the person is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: a person is indoors.
Answer sentence: the person is indoors.

Decoded sentence: a person is female.
Answer sentence: the person is female.

Decoded sentence: people are walking down a street.
Answer sentence: the people are walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: the people are shopping.
Answer sentence: the people are shopping.

Decoded sentence: people running a marathon.
Answer sentence: the people are running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: the people are outdoors

Decoded sentence: the people are on a boat.
Answer sentence: the people are on a boat.

Decoded sentence: the people are married.
Answer sentence: the people are married.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a parade.
Answer sentence: the people are in a parade.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a movie.
Answer sentence: the people are at the movies.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the beach.
Answer sentence: the people are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the men are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the men are playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the men are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the men are outdoors

Decoded sentence: the man is dancing.
Answer sentence: the men are dancing.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing blue jeans.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking home.
Answer sentence: the man is walking home.

Decoded sentence: the man is very tired.
Answer sentence: the man is tired

Decoded sentence: the man is the child 's father.
Answer sentence: the man is the child 's father.

Decoded sentence: the man is the boy 's father.
Answer sentence: the man is the boy 's father.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a shower.
Answer sentence: the man is taking a shower.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man is riding a a a ski.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a jet ski.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: the man is on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the man is listening to music.
Answer sentence: the man is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the bathroom.
Answer sentence: the man is in the bathroom.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a race.
Answer sentence: the man is in a race.

Decoded sentence: the man is having fun.
Answer sentence: the man is having fun.

Decoded sentence: a man gives a speech.
Answer sentence: the man is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: the man is the sea for a deep diving.
Answer sentence: the man is deep sea diving.

Decoded sentence: the man is bald.
Answer sentence: the man is bald

Decoded sentence: the man is awake.
Answer sentence: the man is awake.

Decoded sentence: the man is a police officer.
Answer sentence: the man is a police officer.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a.
Answer sentence: the man is a mechanic.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is outside.
Answer sentence: the little girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outside.
Answer sentence: the group of people are outside.

Decoded sentence: a group is outside.
Answer sentence: the group is outside.

Decoded sentence: the grass is green.
Answer sentence: the grass is green.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the girls are swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the girl is young.
Answer sentence: the girl is young.

Decoded sentence: the girl is on the beach.
Answer sentence: the girl is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing with a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is white.
Answer sentence: the dog is white

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the dog is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the dog is indoors.
Answer sentence: the dog is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is blue.
Answer sentence: the dog is blue.

Decoded sentence: the child is indoors.
Answer sentence: the children are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is at school.
Answer sentence: the children are at school.

Decoded sentence: the child is alone.
Answer sentence: the child is alone.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing a video game.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing video games.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the boys are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the boy is young.
Answer sentence: the boy is young

Decoded sentence: the boy is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: the boy is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sitting.
Answer sentence: the boy is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the boy is indoors.
Answer sentence: the boy is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the bike is red.
Answer sentence: the bike is red.

Decoded sentence: the animal is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the animals are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a tall human standing.
Answer sentence: tall humans standing.

Decoded sentence: someone is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: someone is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: people talking.
Answer sentence: some people are talking.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: some people are dancing.

Decoded sentence: humans walking.
Answer sentence: some humans walking

Decoded sentence: humans standing.
Answer sentence: some humans standing

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people walking.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: people are sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: people are playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: people are playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: the people are eating at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: people are eating at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the people are cooking.
Answer sentence: people are cooking.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a party.
Answer sentence: people are at a party.

Decoded sentence: nobody is talking.
Answer sentence: nobody is talking

Decoded sentence: nobody is sleeping.
Answer sentence: nobody is sleeping

Decoded sentence: nobody is reading.
Answer sentence: nobody is reading.

Decoded sentence: nobody is performing.
Answer sentence: nobody is performing

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: men are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the group is standing.
Answer sentence: everyone is standing.

Decoded sentence: animals are playing.
Answer sentence: an animal is playing.

Decoded sentence: the animal is jumping.
Answer sentence: an animal is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the young boy is outside.
Answer sentence: a young boy is outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking to the store.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking to the store.

Decoded sentence: a woman is taking a shower.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a shower.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleep.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleep.

Decoded sentence: the woman is running.
Answer sentence: a woman is running

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman is riding her bike.

Decoded sentence: the woman is putting on makeup.
Answer sentence: a woman is putting on makeup.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a child.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: the woman is happy.
Answer sentence: a woman is happy.

Decoded sentence: the woman is crying.
Answer sentence: a woman is crying.

Decoded sentence: a person with a shirt.
Answer sentence: a person with a shirt

Decoded sentence: a person is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a person walking outside.

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a person riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: a person is smoking.
Answer sentence: a person is smoking.

Decoded sentence: a person smiling.
Answer sentence: a person is smiling.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: a person is playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: a person is painting.
Answer sentence: a person is painting.

Decoded sentence: a person is dancing.
Answer sentence: a person is dancing.

Decoded sentence: a person is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a person is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a person in a shirt.
Answer sentence: a person in a shirt.

Decoded sentence: a person in a jacket.
Answer sentence: a person in a jacket

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man walks outside.

Decoded sentence: a man walking.
Answer sentence: a man walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is surfing his and woman at home.
Answer sentence: a man surfs the internet at home.

Decoded sentence: a man sings.
Answer sentence: a man sings.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man rides his bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing with the dog.
Answer sentence: a man plays with his dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man plays the guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a red shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is standing up.
Answer sentence: a man is standing up.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bike

Decoded sentence: a man poses for a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is posing for a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the violin.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the violin.

Decoded sentence: the man is performing music.
Answer sentence: a man is performing music.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a man is on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man is on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is napping.
Answer sentence: a man is napping.

Decoded sentence: the man is listening to music.
Answer sentence: a man is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: the man is laying down.
Answer sentence: a man is laying down.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: a man is in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: the man is in blue car.
Answer sentence: a man is in a blue car.

Decoded sentence: a man eats a sandwich.
Answer sentence: a man is eating a sandwich.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a man holds a baby.

Decoded sentence: the lady is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a lady is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a human running.
Answer sentence: a human running

Decoded sentence: a human performing.
Answer sentence: a human performing

Decoded sentence: a group of people are eating together.
Answer sentence: a group of people are together.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are sitting.
Answer sentence: a group of people are sitting.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are inside.
Answer sentence: a group of people are inside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are indoors.
Answer sentence: a group of people are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a dress.
Answer sentence: a girl is wearing a dress.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swinging.
Answer sentence: a girl is swinging.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming in the pool.
Answer sentence: a girl is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the girl is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a girl is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a girl is riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing a.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing hopscotch.

Decoded sentence: the girl is crying.
Answer sentence: a girl is crying.

Decoded sentence: the family is outside.
Answer sentence: a family is outside.

Decoded sentence: a dog playing fetch.
Answer sentence: a dog playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on his bed.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping on the bed.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a dog is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wet.
Answer sentence: a dog is getting wet.

Decoded sentence: the dog is drinking the water.
Answer sentence: a dog is drinking water.

Decoded sentence: the child is walking.
Answer sentence: a child is walking.

Decoded sentence: the child is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a child is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the child is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a child is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: a child is playing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: a child is playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a cat chases a mouse.
Answer sentence: a cat is chasing a mouse.

Decoded sentence: the boy is walking.
Answer sentence: a boy is walking.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a boy is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: a boy is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the boy is fishing.
Answer sentence: a boy is fishing.

Decoded sentence: the baby is playing.
Answer sentence: a baby is playing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the women are asleep

Decoded sentence: the woman is at home.
Answer sentence: the woman is at home

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: the people are outside

Decoded sentence: the people are asleep in their beds.
Answer sentence: the people are asleep

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the men are outside

Decoded sentence: the man is very old.
Answer sentence: the men are old

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: the man is walking

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: the man is fishing

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing

Decoded sentence: the child is white.
Answer sentence: the children are white

Decoded sentence: the child is a boy.
Answer sentence: the child is a boy

Decoded sentence: the boy is at church singing.
Answer sentence: the boy is at church singing

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people walking

Decoded sentence: a man on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: man on skateboard

Decoded sentence: men at work.
Answer sentence: man at work

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting in a a a group.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting in a blizzard

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a man plays the piano

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is seated.
Answer sentence: a man is seated

Decoded sentence: a man in a hat.
Answer sentence: a man in a hat

Decoded sentence: the dog jumps.
Answer sentence: a dog jumps

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: a child is playing

Decoded sentence: water is nearby.
Answer sentence: water is nearby.

Decoded sentence: two women are standing.
Answer sentence: two women are standing.

Decoded sentence: two women are shopping.
Answer sentence: two women are shopping.

Decoded sentence: two women are hugging.
Answer sentence: two women are hugging.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two people are outside

Decoded sentence: two people are in the water.
Answer sentence: two people are in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are holding hands.
Answer sentence: two people are holding hands.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking.
Answer sentence: two men talking.

Decoded sentence: two men play football.
Answer sentence: two men are playing football.

Decoded sentence: two men play cards.
Answer sentence: two men are playing cards.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a boat.
Answer sentence: two men are in a boat.

Decoded sentence: two men are boxing.
Answer sentence: two men are boxing.

Decoded sentence: two girls are playing outside.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs play outside.

Decoded sentence: two children are swimming.
Answer sentence: two children are swimming.

Decoded sentence: two children are fighting.
Answer sentence: two children are fighting.

Decoded sentence: two boys are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two boys are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: three people are standing.
Answer sentence: three people are standing.

Decoded sentence: three men are outdoors.
Answer sentence: three men are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are outside.
Answer sentence: three dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: they are sleeping.
Answer sentence: they are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: they are playing a game.
Answer sentence: they are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: there is snow outside.
Answer sentence: there is snow outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a person.
Answer sentence: there is one person

Decoded sentence: there are women outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a women outdoors

Decoded sentence: there is a man walking.
Answer sentence: there is a man walking.

Decoded sentence: there is a man and a woman.
Answer sentence: there is a man and a woman.

Decoded sentence: there are a group of people outside.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a fire.
Answer sentence: there is a fire.

Decoded sentence: there are some children in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a child in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are women outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are women outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are two people and in this picture outside.
Answer sentence: there are two people in this picture, and they are both outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are three children.
Answer sentence: there are three children.

Decoded sentence: there are people working.
Answer sentence: there are people working.

Decoded sentence: there are people standing together.
Answer sentence: there are people standing.

Decoded sentence: there are people sitting down.
Answer sentence: there are people sitting down.

Decoded sentence: there are people running.
Answer sentence: there are people running.

Decoded sentence: there are people playing instruments.
Answer sentence: there are people playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: there are people on a bus.
Answer sentence: there are people on a bus.

Decoded sentence: there are people on a boat.
Answer sentence: there are people on a boat.

Decoded sentence: there are people eating.
Answer sentence: there are people eating.

Decoded sentence: there are no children.
Answer sentence: there are no children.

Decoded sentence: there are no animals.
Answer sentence: there are no animals.

Decoded sentence: there are children.
Answer sentence: there are children.

Decoded sentence: the workers are working.
Answer sentence: the workers are working.

Decoded sentence: the woman is indoors.
Answer sentence: the women are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is working.
Answer sentence: the woman is working.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the woman is the child 's mother.
Answer sentence: the woman is the child 's mother.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: the woman is talking on her phone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is skiing down her.
Answer sentence: the woman is skiing down a slope.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sewing.
Answer sentence: the woman is sewing.

Decoded sentence: a woman running down the street.
Answer sentence: the woman is running down the street.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on vacation.
Answer sentence: the woman is on vacation.

Decoded sentence: the woman is jogging.
Answer sentence: the woman is jogging.

Decoded sentence: the woman is crying.
Answer sentence: the woman is crying.

Decoded sentence: the woman has long hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has long hair.

Decoded sentence: a person is snowboarding.
Answer sentence: the person is snowboarding.

Decoded sentence: a person is sleeping in a bed.
Answer sentence: the person is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the person is a female.
Answer sentence: the person is a female.

Decoded sentence: people walking outside.
Answer sentence: the people are walking outside.

Decoded sentence: people are walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: the people are walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: people are sitting at a a table.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting at a a table.

Decoded sentence: the people are scared.
Answer sentence: the people are scared.

Decoded sentence: people posing.
Answer sentence: the people are posing.

Decoded sentence: people are playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the people are playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the water.
Answer sentence: the people are in the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: the men are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing poker.
Answer sentence: the men are playing poker.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the men are outside

Decoded sentence: the man is on the same team.
Answer sentence: the men are on the same team.

Decoded sentence: the man is fighting.
Answer sentence: the men are fighting.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: the men are eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the man is a brother.
Answer sentence: the men are brothers

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: the man was watching tv

Decoded sentence: the man works hard.
Answer sentence: the man is working hard.

Decoded sentence: the man is wet.
Answer sentence: the man is wet.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing tennis shoes.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing tennis shoes.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: the man is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv in the living room.
Answer sentence: the man is watching tv in the living room

Decoded sentence: a man walks to work.
Answer sentence: the man is walking to work.

Decoded sentence: a man walking his dog.
Answer sentence: the man is walking his dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is young.
Answer sentence: the man is very young.

Decoded sentence: the man is the girl 's father.
Answer sentence: the man is the girl 's father.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the man is skiing.
Answer sentence: the man is skiing.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on the beach.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: the man is riding his bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a boat.
Answer sentence: the man is on a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man is making food.
Answer sentence: the man is making food.

Decoded sentence: the man is laying down.
Answer sentence: the man is laying down.

Decoded sentence: the man is inside the house.
Answer sentence: the man is inside his house.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding an instrument.
Answer sentence: the man is holding an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the man is hiking.
Answer sentence: the man is hiking.

Decoded sentence: the man is frowning.
Answer sentence: the man is frowning.

Decoded sentence: a man is drinking coffee.
Answer sentence: the man is drinking coffee.

Decoded sentence: the man is doing jumping jacks.
Answer sentence: the man is doing jumping jacks.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking dinner.
Answer sentence: the man is cooking dinner.

Decoded sentence: the man is blonde.
Answer sentence: the man is blonde.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep at home.

Decoded sentence: the man is a photographer.
Answer sentence: the man is a photographer.

Decoded sentence: the man is a clown.
Answer sentence: the man is a clown.

Decoded sentence: the man has something in his hands.
Answer sentence: the man has something in his hands.

Decoded sentence: the man has his eyes closed.
Answer sentence: the man has his eyes closed.

Decoded sentence: the man has black hair.
Answer sentence: the man has black hair.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are in love.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are in love.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are are are are are are are are are are.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are dating.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are dancing.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are dancing.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the group of people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the girls are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is happy.
Answer sentence: the girls are happy.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the girl is outside

Decoded sentence: the girl is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the girl is asleep in her bed.

Decoded sentence: the girl is asian.
Answer sentence: the girl is asian.

Decoded sentence: the dog is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the dogs are taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with each other.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing with each other.

Decoded sentence: the dog is black.
Answer sentence: the dogs are black.

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: the dogs are asleep.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wearing a the together.
Answer sentence: the dog is wearing a collar.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: the dog is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the a man.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping on his mat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is moving.
Answer sentence: the dog is moving.

Decoded sentence: the dog is inside.
Answer sentence: the dog is inside

Decoded sentence: the dogs are dead.
Answer sentence: the dog is dead.

Decoded sentence: the dog is cold.
Answer sentence: the dog is cold.

Decoded sentence: a couple is outside.
Answer sentence: the couple are outside.

Decoded sentence: the couple is married.
Answer sentence: the couple are married.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker working.
Answer sentence: the construction workers are working.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing tag.
Answer sentence: the children are playing tag.

Decoded sentence: the child is in class.
Answer sentence: the children are in class.

Decoded sentence: the child is crying.
Answer sentence: the child is crying.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the boy is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the boy is outside

Decoded sentence: the boy is driving a car.
Answer sentence: the boy is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: the baby is a girl.
Answer sentence: the baby is a girl.

Decoded sentence: animals outside.
Answer sentence: the animals are outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: someone is skiing.
Answer sentence: someone is skiing.

Decoded sentence: someone is riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: someone is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: someone is performing.
Answer sentence: someone is performing.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: some people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: some children are playing.

Decoded sentence: people pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: people pose for a picture.

Decoded sentence: people working outside.
Answer sentence: people are working outside.

Decoded sentence: people are watching a movie.
Answer sentence: people are watching a movie.

Decoded sentence: people are waiting in line.
Answer sentence: people are waiting in line.

Decoded sentence: people are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: people are playing soccer

Decoded sentence: the people are on a bus.
Answer sentence: people are on a bus.

Decoded sentence: the people are on the beach.
Answer sentence: people are on a beach.

Decoded sentence: the people are inside.
Answer sentence: people are inside.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a parade.
Answer sentence: people are in a parade.

Decoded sentence: people are fighting.
Answer sentence: people are fighting.

Decoded sentence: the people are eating lunch.
Answer sentence: people are eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the people are eating dinner.
Answer sentence: people are eating dinner.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: people are dancing

Decoded sentence: nobody is running.
Answer sentence: nothing is running.

Decoded sentence: nobody is climbing.
Answer sentence: nobody is climbing

Decoded sentence: nobody has a hat.
Answer sentence: nobody has a hat

Decoded sentence: music is being played.
Answer sentence: music is being played.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a game.
Answer sentence: men are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the kids are outside.
Answer sentence: kids are outside.

Decoded sentence: it is raining.
Answer sentence: it is raining

Decoded sentence: it is very very woman out.
Answer sentence: it is nighttime.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: children playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is walking.
Answer sentence: children are walking.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing a game.
Answer sentence: children are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: animals are running.
Answer sentence: an animal is running.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walks.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smiling.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman sits.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a bike.

Decoded sentence: the woman is posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: a woman poses for a picture.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a woman plays an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a woman outside.
Answer sentence: a woman outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: the woman is black.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing black.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking to another man.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking to a man.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking on her cellphone.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the woman is listening to music.
Answer sentence: a woman is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the green is the woman woman alone at the man.
Answer sentence: a woman in neon green hails a cab alone.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a woman holds a baby.

Decoded sentence: a tall person with a hat.
Answer sentence: a tall person with a hat

Decoded sentence: the surfer is surfing.
Answer sentence: a surfer is surfing.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder doing tricks.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder does a trick.

Decoded sentence: a person with a hat.
Answer sentence: a person with a hat

Decoded sentence: a person playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a person playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a person is walking.
Answer sentence: a person is walking

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: a person rides a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a person is riding a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a bike

Decoded sentence: a person is on a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a person is on a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a person is indoors.
Answer sentence: a person is indoors.

Decoded sentence: a person in a coat.
Answer sentence: a person in a coat

Decoded sentence: the man is working outside.
Answer sentence: a man works outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: a man working.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: a man rides a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a man playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is welding.
Answer sentence: a man is welding.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a red shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man is washing a car.
Answer sentence: a man is washing his car.

Decoded sentence: a man is washing dishes.
Answer sentence: a man is washing dishes.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking in the park.
Answer sentence: a man is walking in park

Decoded sentence: a man walking his dog.
Answer sentence: a man is walking a dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man is talking on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the man is a men.
Answer sentence: a man is sweeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting inside.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting inside.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike to work.
Answer sentence: a man is riding his bike to work.

Decoded sentence: a man plays the saxophone.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the saxophone.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the ground.
Answer sentence: a man is on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a man is on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the roof.
Answer sentence: a man is on a roof.

Decoded sentence: a man is mowing the grass.
Answer sentence: a man is mowing the grass.

Decoded sentence: the man is moving.
Answer sentence: a man is moving.

Decoded sentence: the man is lying down.
Answer sentence: a man is lying down.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is hiking.
Answer sentence: a man is hiking.

Decoded sentence: the man is going to work.
Answer sentence: a man is going to work.

Decoded sentence: a man falls down the stairs.
Answer sentence: a man is falling down stairs.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: a man is eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: a man is brushing his teeth.
Answer sentence: a man is brushing his teeth.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the park.
Answer sentence: a man is at the park.

Decoded sentence: the man has a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man has a guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man and child are walking in a park.
Answer sentence: a man and child are walking in a park.

Decoded sentence: the a are ready to face a is ready the the the group.
Answer sentence: a lone warrior readies himself to face a dragon.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a little girl is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: a kid is playing.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are standing.
Answer sentence: a group of people are standing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a girl is sleeping in her bed.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing softball.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing softball.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outside.
Answer sentence: a dog running outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming in the lake.
Answer sentence: a dog is swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the floor.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping on the floor.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running through a field.
Answer sentence: a dog is running through a field.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outdoors.
Answer sentence: a dog is running outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with its owner.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing with his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing in the water.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing in the water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch with his owner.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing fetch with his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping after her day after the are looking.
Answer sentence: a dog is looking sleeping after a long day.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a squirrel.
Answer sentence: a dog is chasing a squirrel.

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep on the bed.
Answer sentence: a dog is asleep.

Decoded sentence: a dog in the water.
Answer sentence: a dog in the water.

Decoded sentence: the couple is on a date.
Answer sentence: a couple is on a date.

Decoded sentence: children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: a child plays outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a child is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: a child is outside

Decoded sentence: the child is jumping.
Answer sentence: a child is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the cat is drinking milk.
Answer sentence: a cat is drinking milk.

Decoded sentence: a boy jumps.
Answer sentence: a boy jumps.

Decoded sentence: two dogs running.
Answer sentence: two dogs running

Decoded sentence: the woman is very hot.
Answer sentence: the women are hot

Decoded sentence: the woman is at home eating.
Answer sentence: the woman is at home eating

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: the people are standing

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the people are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the people are related.
Answer sentence: the people are related

Decoded sentence: the people are inside.
Answer sentence: the people are inside

Decoded sentence: the man is an is.
Answer sentence: the men are engineers

Decoded sentence: the man is dead.
Answer sentence: the man is dead

Decoded sentence: the man is black.
Answer sentence: the man is black

Decoded sentence: the man is a musician.
Answer sentence: the man is a musician

Decoded sentence: the girl is twenty.
Answer sentence: the girls are twenty

Decoded sentence: the girl is hot.
Answer sentence: the girl is hot

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: some people are sleeping

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: people are running

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike.
Answer sentence: man on bike

Decoded sentence: a young girl is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a young girl is riding a horse

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing

Decoded sentence: the woman is holding a the dog cat.
Answer sentence: a woman holding a scruffy cat

Decoded sentence: a woman at the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman at the beach

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person is outside

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: a man is working

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is outdoors

Decoded sentence: a man fishing.
Answer sentence: a man fishing

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping.
Answer sentence: a girl is jumping

Decoded sentence: the dog is eating a are.
Answer sentence: a dog eating a treat

Decoded sentence: the cat a cat.
Answer sentence: a cat drinks milk

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking.
Answer sentence: women are talking.

Decoded sentence: two women are walking outside.
Answer sentence: two women are walking outside.

Decoded sentence: two women are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two women sit in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women sit at home.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting at home.

Decoded sentence: two women are at the beach.
Answer sentence: two women are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: two teams play hockey.
Answer sentence: two teams are playing hockey.

Decoded sentence: two people talking.
Answer sentence: two people talking.

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two people outside.

Decoded sentence: two people play tennis.
Answer sentence: two people are playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: two people are near each other.
Answer sentence: two people are near each other.

Decoded sentence: two people are inside.
Answer sentence: two people are inside.

Decoded sentence: two people are indoors.
Answer sentence: two people are indoors.

Decoded sentence: two people are fishing.
Answer sentence: two people are fishing.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating.
Answer sentence: two people are eating.

Decoded sentence: two men are wearing hats.
Answer sentence: two men are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: two men are walking.
Answer sentence: two men are walking.

Decoded sentence: two men are indoors.
Answer sentence: two men are indoors.

Decoded sentence: two men are in the water.
Answer sentence: two men are in the water.

Decoded sentence: two kids are playing outside.
Answer sentence: two kids are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two girls are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two girls are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two girls are hugging.
Answer sentence: two girls are hugging.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs running outside.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing with each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing with each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play with a ball.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing with a ball.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: two dogs are chasing a ball.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are about to fight.
Answer sentence: two dogs are about to fight.

Decoded sentence: two cats play.
Answer sentence: two cats playing.

Decoded sentence: two cars are racing.
Answer sentence: two cars are racing.

Decoded sentence: two boys play baseball.
Answer sentence: two boys are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: two boys are fighting.
Answer sentence: two boys are fighting.

Decoded sentence: two animals are outdoors.
Answer sentence: two animals are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: three people are working.
Answer sentence: three people are working.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking outside.
Answer sentence: three people are walking outside.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are running.
Answer sentence: three dogs are running.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: they are working.
Answer sentence: they are working.

Decoded sentence: they are down.
Answer sentence: they are upside down.

Decoded sentence: they are playing.
Answer sentence: they are playing.

Decoded sentence: they are playing football.
Answer sentence: they are playing football.

Decoded sentence: they are friends.
Answer sentence: they are friends.

Decoded sentence: they are dancing.
Answer sentence: they are dancing.

Decoded sentence: there is someone outside.
Answer sentence: there is someone outside.

Decoded sentence: there are animals in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is one animal in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there is no one outside.
Answer sentence: there is no one outside.

Decoded sentence: there is no man.
Answer sentence: there is no man

Decoded sentence: there is music playing.
Answer sentence: there is music playing.

Decoded sentence: there is music.
Answer sentence: there is music being played.

Decoded sentence: there are men playing instruments.
Answer sentence: there is a man playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: there are boys outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a boy outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a boat in the water.
Answer sentence: there is a boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: there is a black dog.
Answer sentence: there is a black dog.

Decoded sentence: there are two people outside.
Answer sentence: there are two people outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two children in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two children in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are two children in this picture outside.
Answer sentence: there are two children in this picture, and they are outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two boys.
Answer sentence: there are two boys.

Decoded sentence: there are two animals.
Answer sentence: there are two animals.

Decoded sentence: there are three people.
Answer sentence: there are three people

Decoded sentence: there are people walking.
Answer sentence: there are people walking

Decoded sentence: there are people playing.
Answer sentence: there are people playing.

Decoded sentence: there are people playing a game.
Answer sentence: there are people playing a game.

Decoded sentence: there are people in outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are people in outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are people at the park.
Answer sentence: there are people at the park.

Decoded sentence: there is no people around.
Answer sentence: there are no people around.

Decoded sentence: there is no man.
Answer sentence: there are no men

Decoded sentence: there are dogs running.
Answer sentence: there are dogs running.

Decoded sentence: there are at least the people are at the woman in the woman.
Answer sentence: there are at least 2 people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking.
Answer sentence: the women are talking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is swimming.
Answer sentence: the women are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: the women are standing.

Decoded sentence: a woman is skateboarding down the busy street.
Answer sentence: the women are skateboarding down a busy street.

Decoded sentence: the woman is happy.
Answer sentence: the women are happy.

Decoded sentence: the woman is white.
Answer sentence: the woman is white

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing shorts.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing high the the high.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing high heels.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing clothes

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a black dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a black dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: the woman is taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping in her bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the woman is skiing.
Answer sentence: the woman is skiing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting

Decoded sentence: the woman is sad.
Answer sentence: the woman is sad.

Decoded sentence: a woman running a marathon.
Answer sentence: the woman is running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: the woman is in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: the woman is in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the woman is in a band.
Answer sentence: the woman is in a band.

Decoded sentence: the woman is holding something.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding something.

Decoded sentence: the woman is going to work.
Answer sentence: the woman is going to work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is going into the city.
Answer sentence: the woman is going into the city.

Decoded sentence: the woman is frowning.
Answer sentence: the woman is frowning.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking.
Answer sentence: the woman is cooking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cleaning.
Answer sentence: the woman is cleaning.

Decoded sentence: the woman is black.
Answer sentence: the woman is black.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep in her bed.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a professional photographer.
Answer sentence: the woman is a professional photographer.

Decoded sentence: the two women are sisters.
Answer sentence: the two women are sisters.

Decoded sentence: two people are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the two people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two people are married.
Answer sentence: the two people are married.

Decoded sentence: the two boys are brothers.
Answer sentence: the two boys are brothers.

Decoded sentence: the train is moving.
Answer sentence: the train is moving.

Decoded sentence: the teams are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the teams are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the surfer is in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the surfer is in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the street is crowded.
Answer sentence: the street is crowded.

Decoded sentence: the shirt is old.
Answer sentence: the shirt is old.

Decoded sentence: the shirt is blue.
Answer sentence: the shirt is blue.

Decoded sentence: a person is swimming.
Answer sentence: the person is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a person is skiing.
Answer sentence: the person is skiing.

Decoded sentence: a person running.
Answer sentence: the person is running.

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike.
Answer sentence: the person is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: the person is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the people are young.
Answer sentence: the people are young.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: the people are walking

Decoded sentence: people are waiting in line.
Answer sentence: the people are waiting in line.

Decoded sentence: people are swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: people are racing.
Answer sentence: the people are racing.

Decoded sentence: the people are on a date.
Answer sentence: the people are on a date.

Decoded sentence: the people are old.
Answer sentence: the people are old

Decoded sentence: the people are male.
Answer sentence: the people are male

Decoded sentence: the people are inside the concert.
Answer sentence: the people are inside a concert hall.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the desert.
Answer sentence: the people are in the desert.

Decoded sentence: people are hungry.
Answer sentence: the people are hungry.

Decoded sentence: the people are going to work.
Answer sentence: the people are going to work.

Decoded sentence: the people are all friends.
Answer sentence: the people are all friends.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking.
Answer sentence: the men are talking.

Decoded sentence: the man is smiling.
Answer sentence: the men are smiling.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: the men are running.

Decoded sentence: a man running a marathon.
Answer sentence: the men are running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: the man is racing his motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the men are racing motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: the men are playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the man is working

Decoded sentence: the man is wide awake.
Answer sentence: the man is wide awake.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing swim a swim.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing swim trunks.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing shoes.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing shoes.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a man.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing khakis.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing black pants.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing black pants.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a watch.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a watch.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a vest.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a vest.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a plaid shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a plaid shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: the man is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is waiting for someone.
Answer sentence: the man is waiting for someone.

Decoded sentence: the man is tall.
Answer sentence: the man is tall

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a bath.
Answer sentence: the man is taking a bath.

Decoded sentence: the man is snowboarding.
Answer sentence: the man is snowboarding.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the grass.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting down

Decoded sentence: a man is running down the street.
Answer sentence: the man is running down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man is reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: the man is reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: the man is protesting.
Answer sentence: the man is protesting.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a video game.
Answer sentence: the man is playing video games.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: the man is playing piano.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing chess.
Answer sentence: the man is playing chess.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: the man is on vacation.
Answer sentence: the man is on vacation.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a bike.
Answer sentence: the man is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is not wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the man is not wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is lying down.
Answer sentence: the man is lying down.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the city.
Answer sentence: the man is in the city.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a man.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a tuba.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a hammer.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a hammer.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is the is a is the a the the the the group man is.
Answer sentence: the man is hispanic.

Decoded sentence: the man is flying a plane.
Answer sentence: the man is flying a plane.

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: the man is fishing

Decoded sentence: the man is eating pizza.
Answer sentence: the man is eating pizza.

Decoded sentence: the man is climbing.
Answer sentence: the man is climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man is the is a is a is the the the the the the the.
Answer sentence: the man is caucasian.

Decoded sentence: a man is brushing his teeth.
Answer sentence: the man is brushing his teeth.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the restaurant.
Answer sentence: the man is at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is asleep

Decoded sentence: the man is angry.
Answer sentence: the man is angry

Decoded sentence: the man is a are a.
Answer sentence: the man is a scientist.

Decoded sentence: the man is a professional the the the the the the the group.
Answer sentence: the man is a professional surfer.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a at a a the the the man.
Answer sentence: the man is a janitor.

Decoded sentence: the man has long hair.
Answer sentence: the man has long hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has a is.
Answer sentence: the man has a mustache.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are on a date.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are on a date.

Decoded sentence: a little boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the little boy is outside.

Decoded sentence: the kids are indoors.
Answer sentence: the kids are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting.
Answer sentence: the girls are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the girl is having fun.
Answer sentence: the girls are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing shoes.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing shoes.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing blue.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing blue.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a blue dress.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a blue dress.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a bathing suit.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a bathing suit.

Decoded sentence: a girl is sitting down.
Answer sentence: the girl is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the girl is crying.
Answer sentence: the girl is crying.

Decoded sentence: the girl is cold.
Answer sentence: the girl is cold.

Decoded sentence: the girl is a gymnast.
Answer sentence: the girl is a gymnast.

Decoded sentence: the girl has long hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has long hair.

Decoded sentence: the game is is the the the the the the the the the the the.
Answer sentence: the game is tied.

Decoded sentence: the flowers are are.
Answer sentence: the flowers are roses.

Decoded sentence: the family is outside.
Answer sentence: the family is outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is racing.
Answer sentence: the dogs are racing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are outside

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: the dog jumps.

Decoded sentence: the dog is small.
Answer sentence: the dog is small

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the porch.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping on the porch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping in the grass.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping in the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping in his dog house.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping in the dog house.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sitting.
Answer sentence: the dog is sitting

Decoded sentence: the dog is purple.
Answer sentence: the dog is purple.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with its owner.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing with his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on a people.
Answer sentence: the dog is on a leash.

Decoded sentence: the dog is old.
Answer sentence: the dog is old.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the air.
Answer sentence: the dog is in the air.

Decoded sentence: the dog is eating.
Answer sentence: the dog is eating.

Decoded sentence: the dog is drinking the water.
Answer sentence: the dog is drinking water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a squirrel.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a squirrel.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a rabbit.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a rabbit.

Decoded sentence: the dog is big.
Answer sentence: the dog is big

Decoded sentence: the dog is the was.
Answer sentence: the dog is barking.

Decoded sentence: the couple just got married.
Answer sentence: the couple just got married.

Decoded sentence: the children are related.
Answer sentence: the children are related.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: the children are playing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is wet.
Answer sentence: the child is wet.

Decoded sentence: the child is sleep.
Answer sentence: the child is sleep outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is sitting on his bed.
Answer sentence: the child is sitting on a bed.

Decoded sentence: the child is inside.
Answer sentence: the child is inside.

Decoded sentence: the car is red.
Answer sentence: the car is red.

Decoded sentence: the building is on fire.
Answer sentence: the building is on fire.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the boys are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the boys are outside

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: the boy is taking a bath.
Answer sentence: the boy is taking a bath.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the boy is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the boy is standing.
Answer sentence: the boy is standing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the boy is on a bike.
Answer sentence: the boy is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy has blond hair.
Answer sentence: the boy has blond hair.

Decoded sentence: the boat is on the water.
Answer sentence: the boat is on the water.

Decoded sentence: the boat is in the water.
Answer sentence: the boat is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the beach is empty.
Answer sentence: the beach is empty.

Decoded sentence: the baby is happy.
Answer sentence: the baby is happy.

Decoded sentence: a tall human looking.
Answer sentence: tall humans looking

Decoded sentence: someone is smiling.
Answer sentence: someone is smiling.

Decoded sentence: someone is sleeping.
Answer sentence: someone is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a group is outdoors.
Answer sentence: someone is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: some puppies are running to catch a stick.
Answer sentence: some puppies are running to catch a stick.

Decoded sentence: people standing outside.
Answer sentence: some people are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: people are playing a game.
Answer sentence: some people are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: people eating.
Answer sentence: some people are eating.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: some kids are playing.

Decoded sentence: humans playing.
Answer sentence: some humans playing

Decoded sentence: some humans.
Answer sentence: some humans

Decoded sentence: people standing outside.
Answer sentence: people standing outside.

Decoded sentence: people are playing football.
Answer sentence: people playing football.

Decoded sentence: the people are working today.
Answer sentence: people are working today.

Decoded sentence: people are working together.
Answer sentence: people are working

Decoded sentence: people are watching a baseball game.
Answer sentence: people are watching a baseball game.

Decoded sentence: people are waiting.
Answer sentence: people are waiting.

Decoded sentence: the people are taking a picture.
Answer sentence: people are taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: people are swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: people are swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: people are standing

Decoded sentence: people are sleeping on a car.
Answer sentence: people are sleeping on the car.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: people are sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: people are sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: the people are shopping.
Answer sentence: people are shopping

Decoded sentence: people running outside.
Answer sentence: people are running outside.

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: people are running

Decoded sentence: people are riding horses.
Answer sentence: people are riding horses.

Decoded sentence: people posing.
Answer sentence: people are posing.

Decoded sentence: people playing.
Answer sentence: people are playing.

Decoded sentence: people playing a sport.
Answer sentence: people are playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: people are outdoors

Decoded sentence: the people are in the water.
Answer sentence: people are in the water.

Decoded sentence: people having a picnic.
Answer sentence: people are having a picnic.

Decoded sentence: the people are gathered.
Answer sentence: people are gathered together.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the restaurant.
Answer sentence: people are at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a bar.
Answer sentence: people are at a bar.

Decoded sentence: the person is at an event.
Answer sentence: one person is at an event.

Decoded sentence: nobody is smiling.
Answer sentence: nobody is smiling.

Decoded sentence: nobody is reading.
Answer sentence: nobody is reading

Decoded sentence: nobody is posing.
Answer sentence: nobody is posing

Decoded sentence: nobody is holding anything.
Answer sentence: nobody is holding anything.

Decoded sentence: nobody is climbing.
Answer sentence: nobody is climbing.

Decoded sentence: nobody has shorts.
Answer sentence: nobody has shorts.

Decoded sentence: nobody has a jacket.
Answer sentence: nobody has a jacket

Decoded sentence: nobody is in a is.
Answer sentence: no one is in sight

Decoded sentence: humans are is women in a dog.
Answer sentence: no humans.

Decoded sentence: the man is working outside.
Answer sentence: men are working outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: men are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: many people are outside.
Answer sentence: many people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: kids playing.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: kids are playing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: it was are outside.
Answer sentence: it 's raining outside.

Decoded sentence: it is sunny out.
Answer sentence: it is sunny.

Decoded sentence: it is halloween.
Answer sentence: it is halloween.

Decoded sentence: some humans looking.
Answer sentence: humans looking

Decoded sentence: the is are indoors.
Answer sentence: everyone is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: dogs are playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker working.
Answer sentence: construction workers are working.

Decoded sentence: children are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: children are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: an old man is walking.
Answer sentence: an old man is walking.

Decoded sentence: the young woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a young woman is outside.

Decoded sentence: a young man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a young man is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a young man is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a young man is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a woman takes a picture.

Decoded sentence: the woman is singing.
Answer sentence: a woman singing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wet.
Answer sentence: a woman is wet.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking home.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking home.

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting for a bus.
Answer sentence: a woman is waiting for a bus.

Decoded sentence: a woman is using her phone.
Answer sentence: a woman is using her phone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is taking a bath.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a bath.

Decoded sentence: a woman is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a woman is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing

Decoded sentence: the woman is indoors sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting indoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is selling food.
Answer sentence: a woman is selling food.

Decoded sentence: the woman is running a race.
Answer sentence: a woman is running a race.

Decoded sentence: a woman is rock climbing.
Answer sentence: a woman is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing music.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: the woman is making food.
Answer sentence: a woman is making food.

Decoded sentence: the woman is holding something.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding something.

Decoded sentence: a woman is getting a haircut.
Answer sentence: a woman is getting a haircut.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking.
Answer sentence: a woman is cooking

Decoded sentence: the woman is cleaning the floor.
Answer sentence: a woman is cleaning the floor.

Decoded sentence: a woman is baking a cake.
Answer sentence: a woman is baking a cake.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at work.
Answer sentence: a woman is at work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating in restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the woman has a camera.
Answer sentence: a woman has a camera.

Decoded sentence: the person is tall.
Answer sentence: a tall person.

Decoded sentence: a tall person with a shirt.
Answer sentence: a tall person with a shirt

Decoded sentence: a tall person standing.
Answer sentence: a tall person standing

Decoded sentence: a tall person in a jacket.
Answer sentence: a tall person in a jacket

Decoded sentence: a surfer rides the wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer is riding a wave.

Decoded sentence: the surfer is in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a surfer is in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player is kicking a ball.
Answer sentence: a soccer player kicks the ball.

Decoded sentence: a person walking.
Answer sentence: a person walking.

Decoded sentence: the person is alone in the bathroom.
Answer sentence: a person sitting alone.

Decoded sentence: a person reading.
Answer sentence: a person reading.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a person playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bike.
Answer sentence: a person on a bike.

Decoded sentence: a person jumping.
Answer sentence: a person jumping.

Decoded sentence: a person is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: a person is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: a person is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a person is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: a person is rock climbing.
Answer sentence: a person is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: a person is reading.
Answer sentence: a person is reading.

Decoded sentence: a person holding something.
Answer sentence: a person is holding something.

Decoded sentence: a person is holding a camera.
Answer sentence: a person is holding a camera.

Decoded sentence: a person is hiking.
Answer sentence: a person is hiking.

Decoded sentence: a person is exercising.
Answer sentence: a person is exercising.

Decoded sentence: a person is driving a car.
Answer sentence: a person is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: a person is cooking.
Answer sentence: a person is cooking.

Decoded sentence: a person.
Answer sentence: a person

Decoded sentence: a man throws a ball.
Answer sentence: a man throws a ball.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a man standing outside.

Decoded sentence: a man running in a playground.
Answer sentence: a man run in playground.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a man rides a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the violin.
Answer sentence: a man plays the violin.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing golf.
Answer sentence: a man playing golf.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is working on the machine.
Answer sentence: a man is working on a machine.

Decoded sentence: the man works hard.
Answer sentence: a man is working hard.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing pants.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing pants.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a white shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a white shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a swimsuit.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a swimsuit.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a costume.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a costume.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a coat.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking to the store.
Answer sentence: a man is walking to the store.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking in the rain.
Answer sentence: a man is walking in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a man is walking down the street

Decoded sentence: a man is using a tool.
Answer sentence: a man is using a tool.

Decoded sentence: a man throws a ball.
Answer sentence: a man is throwing a ball.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a picture

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in the pool.

Decoded sentence: the man is surfing.
Answer sentence: a man is surfing

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping at home.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping at home.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on the ground.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a unicycle.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing with the dog.
Answer sentence: a man is playing with a dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a man is playing piano.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the drums.
Answer sentence: a man is playing drums.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a video game.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a video game.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a game.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a game

Decoded sentence: the man is on a stage.
Answer sentence: a man is on stage.

Decoded sentence: the man is on his way to work.
Answer sentence: a man is on his way to work.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a train.
Answer sentence: a man is on a train.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the street.
Answer sentence: a man is on a street.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a bike.
Answer sentence: a man is on a bike

Decoded sentence: a man is mowing the lawn.
Answer sentence: a man is mowing the lawn.

Decoded sentence: a man is making food.
Answer sentence: a man is making food.

Decoded sentence: a man is looking through a telescope.
Answer sentence: a man is looking through a telescope.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the city.
Answer sentence: a man is in a city.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the car.
Answer sentence: a man is in a car.

Decoded sentence: the man is driving in the car.
Answer sentence: a man is driving in his car.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a truck.
Answer sentence: a man is driving a truck.

Decoded sentence: a man is driving a tractor.
Answer sentence: a man is driving a tractor.

Decoded sentence: the man is dancing with a the group.
Answer sentence: a man is dancing with wire.

Decoded sentence: the man is at home.
Answer sentence: a man is at home.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the restaurant.
Answer sentence: a man is at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a man is eating in restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a man gives a speech.
Answer sentence: a man gives a speech.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: a man driving a car.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the lady is walking.
Answer sentence: a lady is walking.

Decoded sentence: a human climbing.
Answer sentence: a human climbing

Decoded sentence: the guys are outside.
Answer sentence: a guy is outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a group of people are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are gathered.
Answer sentence: a group of people are gathered together.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are eating.
Answer sentence: a group of people are eating.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are crossing the street.
Answer sentence: a group of people are crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming.
Answer sentence: a girl is swimming

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a girl is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: a dog jumping.

Decoded sentence: the dog is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a dog is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sitting.
Answer sentence: a dog is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the dog is inside watching tv.
Answer sentence: a dog is seen watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with it 's owner.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing with it 's owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing catch with its owner.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing catch with his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the snow.
Answer sentence: a dog is in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a dog.
Answer sentence: a dog is chasing another dog.

Decoded sentence: a dog in the snow.
Answer sentence: a dog in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people outside.
Answer sentence: a crowd of people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is sitting.
Answer sentence: a child is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing with his toy.
Answer sentence: a child is playing with a toy.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing in the water.
Answer sentence: a child is playing in the water.

Decoded sentence: the child is napping.
Answer sentence: a child is napping.

Decoded sentence: the child is eating.
Answer sentence: a child is eating.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a boy riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a boy plays outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is surfing.
Answer sentence: a boy is surfing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is standing.
Answer sentence: a boy is standing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bicycle.
Answer sentence: a boy is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing

Decoded sentence: the boy is on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a boy is on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the boy is eating.
Answer sentence: a boy is eating.

Decoded sentence: the boy is climbing a tree.
Answer sentence: a boy is climbing a tree.

Decoded sentence: the boy is building a sand castle.
Answer sentence: a boy is building a sand castle.

Decoded sentence: the boy is blowing bubbles.
Answer sentence: a boy is blowing bubbles.

Decoded sentence: the band is performing.
Answer sentence: a band performs.

Decoded sentence: a baby is sleeping in a crib.
Answer sentence: a baby sleeps in his crib.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking.
Answer sentence: two people walking

Decoded sentence: two dogs running.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs are outside

Decoded sentence: two cats are fighting.
Answer sentence: two cats fighting

Decoded sentence: three people are outside.
Answer sentence: three people are outside

Decoded sentence: three people are laying in bed.
Answer sentence: three people are laying in their bed

Decoded sentence: they are inside.
Answer sentence: they are inside

Decoded sentence: they are a couple.
Answer sentence: they are a couple

Decoded sentence: the woman is naked in the woman.
Answer sentence: the women are naked

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing.
Answer sentence: the woman is standing

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitted.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitted

Decoded sentence: the woman is indoors.
Answer sentence: the woman is indoors

Decoded sentence: an empty street.
Answer sentence: the street is empty

Decoded sentence: the people are tourist.
Answer sentence: the people are tourists

Decoded sentence: people swimming together.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming

Decoded sentence: the people are seated.
Answer sentence: the people are seated

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: the people are running

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming.
Answer sentence: the men are swimming

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a two.
Answer sentence: the man is a thief

Decoded sentence: the girl is at home sleeping.
Answer sentence: the girls are at home sleeping

Decoded sentence: the girl is five.
Answer sentence: the girl is five

Decoded sentence: the dog is brown.
Answer sentence: the dogs are brown

Decoded sentence: the dog is brown.
Answer sentence: the dog is brown

Decoded sentence: the dog is asleep by the the the the group.
Answer sentence: the dog is asleep by the fireplace

Decoded sentence: the boy is sitting in his bed at home.
Answer sentence: the boy is sitting in his bed at home

Decoded sentence: the boy is outside.
Answer sentence: the boy is outside

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: some people are outside

Decoded sentence: people at work.
Answer sentence: people at work

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: people are dancing

Decoded sentence: a man sleeping on a couch.
Answer sentence: man sleeping on the couch

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: man plays guitar

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: a man working

Decoded sentence: a man walking.
Answer sentence: a man walking

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man sleeping

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man rides a bike

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: a man plays an instrument

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man plays a guitar

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike.
Answer sentence: a man on a bike

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting in a cafe.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting in a cafe

Decoded sentence: the man is singing.
Answer sentence: a man is singing

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping.
Answer sentence: a man is jumping

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: a man is fishing

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing blue.
Answer sentence: a man in blue

Decoded sentence: a man in a jacket.
Answer sentence: a man in a jacket

Decoded sentence: the man sleeps at home sleeping at home.
Answer sentence: a man and a a woman are sleeping at home

Decoded sentence: the girl is dancing.
Answer sentence: a girl is dancing

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping in a bed

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: a dog is jumping

Decoded sentence: a baseball player throws a ball.
Answer sentence: a baseball player throws the ball

Decoded sentence: two women sitting.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting.

Decoded sentence: two women running.
Answer sentence: two women are running.

Decoded sentence: two women having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two women are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women are eating.
Answer sentence: two women are eating.

Decoded sentence: two people are playing a game.
Answer sentence: two people play a game.

Decoded sentence: two people walk down a street.
Answer sentence: two people are walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: two people are swimming in a lake.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: two people stand next to each other.
Answer sentence: two people are standing next to each other.

Decoded sentence: two people are together.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting together.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on a couch.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting on the couch.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on a couch.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting

Decoded sentence: two people racing.
Answer sentence: two people are racing.

Decoded sentence: two people play basketball.
Answer sentence: two people are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: two people are performing.
Answer sentence: two people are performing.

Decoded sentence: two people hiking.
Answer sentence: two people are hiking.

Decoded sentence: two people are fighting.
Answer sentence: two people are fighting.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating dinner.
Answer sentence: two people are eating dinner.

Decoded sentence: two people are doing karate.
Answer sentence: two people are doing karate.

Decoded sentence: two men play chess.
Answer sentence: two men play chess.

Decoded sentence: two men are fighting.
Answer sentence: two men fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men are working outdoors.
Answer sentence: two men are working outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking.
Answer sentence: two men are talking

Decoded sentence: two men are together.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting together.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two men racing.
Answer sentence: two men are racing.

Decoded sentence: two men play golf.
Answer sentence: two men are playing golf.

Decoded sentence: two men play chess.
Answer sentence: two men are playing chess.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing a game.
Answer sentence: two men are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: two men are on a boat.
Answer sentence: two men are on a boat.

Decoded sentence: two men are eating lunch together.
Answer sentence: two men are eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: two men are arguing.
Answer sentence: two men are arguing.

Decoded sentence: two men eat hot dogs eat hot dog.
Answer sentence: two men and a group of women are eating hot dogs.

Decoded sentence: two kids play.
Answer sentence: two kids are playing.

Decoded sentence: two kids are outside.
Answer sentence: two kids are outside.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are friends.
Answer sentence: two dogs that are friends.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are wrestling.
Answer sentence: two dogs are wrestling.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: two dogs are swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running through a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play together.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing

Decoded sentence: two dogs are wet.
Answer sentence: two dogs are getting wet.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting over a bone.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting over a bone.

Decoded sentence: two dogs chasing each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs are chasing each other.

Decoded sentence: two cats are sleeping.
Answer sentence: two cats are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: three women are outside.
Answer sentence: three women are outside.

Decoded sentence: they are underwater.
Answer sentence: they are underwater.

Decoded sentence: they are taking a nap.
Answer sentence: they are taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: they are sisters.
Answer sentence: they are sisters.

Decoded sentence: they are related.
Answer sentence: they are related.

Decoded sentence: they are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: they are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: they are a couple.
Answer sentence: they are a couple.

Decoded sentence: there are water nearby.
Answer sentence: there is water nearby.

Decoded sentence: there is a person in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is one person in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there is no food.
Answer sentence: there is no food.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in this picture

Decoded sentence: there is a race.
Answer sentence: there is a race.

Decoded sentence: there is a parade.
Answer sentence: there is a parade.

Decoded sentence: there is a man standing.
Answer sentence: there is a man standing

Decoded sentence: there are men running.
Answer sentence: there is a man running.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in the water.
Answer sentence: there is a man in the water.

Decoded sentence: there is a man cooking.
Answer sentence: there is a man cooking.

Decoded sentence: there is a girl.
Answer sentence: there is a girl.

Decoded sentence: there is a crowd.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd

Decoded sentence: there are children outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a child outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a car.
Answer sentence: there is a car.

Decoded sentence: there is a body of water.
Answer sentence: there is a body of water.

Decoded sentence: there are two men outside.
Answer sentence: there are two men outside.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in this picture outside.
Answer sentence: there are two men in this picture, and they are both outside.

Decoded sentence: there are three women.
Answer sentence: there are three women.

Decoded sentence: there are three girls.
Answer sentence: there are three girls.

Decoded sentence: there are people talking.
Answer sentence: there are people talking.

Decoded sentence: there are people sitting outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are people sitting outdoors

Decoded sentence: there are people playing basketball.
Answer sentence: there are people playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: there are people on bikes.
Answer sentence: there are people on bikes.

Decoded sentence: there are people on a street.
Answer sentence: there are people on a street.

Decoded sentence: there are people in the street.
Answer sentence: there are people in the street.

Decoded sentence: there are people in a pool.
Answer sentence: there are people in the pool.

Decoded sentence: there are people in the city.
Answer sentence: there are people in the city.

Decoded sentence: there are people in the park.
Answer sentence: there are people in a park.

Decoded sentence: there are men working.
Answer sentence: there are men working.

Decoded sentence: there are girls outside.
Answer sentence: there are girls outside.

Decoded sentence: there are dogs outdoors.
Answer sentence: there are dogs outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are children playing outside.
Answer sentence: there are children playing outside.

Decoded sentence: three people are at a three.
Answer sentence: there are at least three people.

Decoded sentence: there are at least two people in the photo.
Answer sentence: there are at least 3 people.

Decoded sentence: there are animals in a field.
Answer sentence: there are animals in a field.

Decoded sentence: there are a lot of people.
Answer sentence: there are a lot of people.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: the women are walking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the women are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is very old.
Answer sentence: the women are old

Decoded sentence: the woman is having a conversation.
Answer sentence: the women are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a best friend.
Answer sentence: the women are best friends.

Decoded sentence: the woman 's hands is empty.
Answer sentence: the woman 's hands are empty.

Decoded sentence: the woman is white.
Answer sentence: the woman is white.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a red dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a red dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a green dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a green dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a costume.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a costume.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing the piano.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: the woman is painting.
Answer sentence: the woman is painting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is very are looking at her are outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is outdoor.

Decoded sentence: a woman is looking at something.
Answer sentence: the woman is looking at something.

Decoded sentence: the woman is knitting.
Answer sentence: the woman is knitting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is inside.
Answer sentence: the woman is inside

Decoded sentence: the woman is hungry.
Answer sentence: the woman is hungry.

Decoded sentence: the woman is homeless.
Answer sentence: the woman is homeless.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking breakfast.
Answer sentence: the woman is cooking breakfast.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a is is a a the the the the the man.
Answer sentence: the woman is blond.

Decoded sentence: the woman is blind.
Answer sentence: the woman is blind.

Decoded sentence: the woman is bald.
Answer sentence: the woman is bald.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at home.
Answer sentence: the woman is at home.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a musician.
Answer sentence: the woman is a musician.

Decoded sentence: the water is are the men.
Answer sentence: the water is clear.

Decoded sentence: the water is are the men.
Answer sentence: the water is calm.

Decoded sentence: two people are a couple.
Answer sentence: the two people are a couple.

Decoded sentence: two men are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the two men are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the sun is out out.
Answer sentence: the sun is out.

Decoded sentence: an empty street.
Answer sentence: the street is empty

Decoded sentence: the sky is are the sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is cloudy.

Decoded sentence: a skier is outside.
Answer sentence: the skier is outside.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder is performing tricks.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder is performing a trick.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder is outside.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder is outside.

Decoded sentence: the shirts are black.
Answer sentence: the shirt is black

Decoded sentence: the pool is empty.
Answer sentence: the pool is empty.

Decoded sentence: the players are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the players are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting down.
Answer sentence: the person is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the person is on a bike.
Answer sentence: the person is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the person is male.
Answer sentence: the person is male.

Decoded sentence: a person is in the air.
Answer sentence: the person is in the air.

Decoded sentence: a person is driving a car.
Answer sentence: the person is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: the person is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the person is asleep.

Decoded sentence: the people are white.
Answer sentence: the people are wearing white.

Decoded sentence: people are watching television.
Answer sentence: the people are watching television.

Decoded sentence: people are waiting for a bus.
Answer sentence: the people are waiting for a bus.

Decoded sentence: people are swimming at a pool club.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming at the pool club

Decoded sentence: people are surfing in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the people are surfing in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: the people are standing

Decoded sentence: people are smiling.
Answer sentence: the people are smiling.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: the people are sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: the people are running

Decoded sentence: the people are related.
Answer sentence: the people are related.

Decoded sentence: people are playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: the people are playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: people are playing music.
Answer sentence: the people are playing music.

Decoded sentence: people are playing football.
Answer sentence: the people are playing football.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: the people are outside in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the people are near the ocean.
Answer sentence: the people are near the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the people are married.
Answer sentence: the people are married

Decoded sentence: the people are inside the building.
Answer sentence: the people are inside a building.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: the people are in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a park.
Answer sentence: the people are in a park.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a band.
Answer sentence: the people are in a band.

Decoded sentence: people having a picnic.
Answer sentence: the people are having a picnic.

Decoded sentence: people having a conversation.
Answer sentence: the people are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: people are happy.
Answer sentence: the people are happy

Decoded sentence: the people are friends.
Answer sentence: the people are friends

Decoded sentence: the people are eating lunch.
Answer sentence: the people are eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the people are eating dinner.
Answer sentence: the people are eating dinner.

Decoded sentence: the people are black.
Answer sentence: the people are black.

Decoded sentence: the people are at home.
Answer sentence: the people are at home.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a birthday party.
Answer sentence: the people are at a birthday party.

Decoded sentence: the people are family.
Answer sentence: the people are a family.

Decoded sentence: the man does not know each other.
Answer sentence: the men know each other.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the men are working together.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: the men are wearing shirts.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking.
Answer sentence: the men are walking.

Decoded sentence: the man is sunbathing on the beach.
Answer sentence: the men are sunbathing on a beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: the men are standing

Decoded sentence: the man is playing.
Answer sentence: the men are playing.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing chess.
Answer sentence: the men are playing chess.

Decoded sentence: the man is on her team on a team.
Answer sentence: the men are on opposing teams.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the military.
Answer sentence: the men are in the military.

Decoded sentence: the man is having a conversation.
Answer sentence: the men are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: the man is a.
Answer sentence: the men are gay.

Decoded sentence: the man is fighting.
Answer sentence: the men are fighting

Decoded sentence: the man is dressed up.
Answer sentence: the men are dressed up.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: the men are cooking.

Decoded sentence: the man is at work.
Answer sentence: the men are at work.

Decoded sentence: the man is working outside.
Answer sentence: the man is working outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing an apron.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing an apron.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a white shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a white shirt

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a tuxedo.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a tuxedo.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a suit and a the the the group.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a suit and tie.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a red jacket.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hard hat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a hard hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a blue jacket.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a blue jacket.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a baseball cap.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a baseball cap.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching tv.
Answer sentence: the man is watching tv

Decoded sentence: the man is and a the man.
Answer sentence: the man is thirsty.

Decoded sentence: the man is tall.
Answer sentence: the man is tall.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking to his wife.
Answer sentence: the man is talking to his wife.

Decoded sentence: the man is the.
Answer sentence: the man is talented.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming at the beach.
Answer sentence: the man is swimming at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is sweating.
Answer sentence: the man is sweating.

Decoded sentence: the man is strong.
Answer sentence: the man is strong

Decoded sentence: the man is standing still.
Answer sentence: the man is standing still.

Decoded sentence: a man is smoking a and a are together.
Answer sentence: the man is smoking a pipe.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping at home.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping at home.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: the man is seated.
Answer sentence: the man is seated.

Decoded sentence: the man is sad.
Answer sentence: the man is sad.

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: the man is running

Decoded sentence: the man is rock climbing.
Answer sentence: the man is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a unicycle.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is is is is is underwater.
Answer sentence: the man is relaxing.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing pool.
Answer sentence: the man is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a piano.

Decoded sentence: a man is painting a picture.
Answer sentence: the man is painting a picture.

Decoded sentence: the man is are man.
Answer sentence: the man is outdoor.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the phone.
Answer sentence: the man is on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is on the ground

Decoded sentence: the man is on his way to work.
Answer sentence: the man is on his way to work.

Decoded sentence: the man is on his feet.
Answer sentence: the man is on his feet.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the man is on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is man in her bed.
Answer sentence: the man is nervous.

Decoded sentence: the man is near the water.
Answer sentence: the man is near the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking at the sky.
Answer sentence: the man is looking at the sky.

Decoded sentence: the man is juggling.
Answer sentence: the man is juggling.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the park.
Answer sentence: the man is in the park.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the military.
Answer sentence: the man is in the military.

Decoded sentence: the man is hungry.
Answer sentence: the man is hungry.

Decoded sentence: the man is homeless.
Answer sentence: the man is homeless

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: the man is fat.
Answer sentence: the man is fat.

Decoded sentence: the man is empty to.
Answer sentence: the man is empty handed.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: the man is eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the man is driving.
Answer sentence: the man is driving.

Decoded sentence: a man drives a truck.
Answer sentence: the man is driving a truck.

Decoded sentence: a man is dressed as a clown.
Answer sentence: the man is dressed as a clown.

Decoded sentence: the man is doing tricks.
Answer sentence: the man is doing a trick.

Decoded sentence: the man is man his in the the the group.
Answer sentence: the man is crazy

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a tree.
Answer sentence: the man is climbing a tree.

Decoded sentence: the man is bored.
Answer sentence: the man is bored.

Decoded sentence: the man is at a concert.
Answer sentence: the man is at a concert.

Decoded sentence: the man is an is the.
Answer sentence: the man is an actor.

Decoded sentence: the man is a teacher.
Answer sentence: the man is a teacher.

Decoded sentence: the man is a professional skateboarder.
Answer sentence: the man is a professional skateboarder.

Decoded sentence: the man is a model.
Answer sentence: the man is a model.

Decoded sentence: the man has white hair.
Answer sentence: the man has white hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has something on his head.
Answer sentence: the man has something on his head.

Decoded sentence: the man has nothing on her head.
Answer sentence: the man has nothing on his head.

Decoded sentence: the man has clothes on.
Answer sentence: the man has clothes on.

Decoded sentence: the man has an audience.
Answer sentence: the man has an audience.

Decoded sentence: the lady is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the lady is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the kids are siblings.
Answer sentence: the kids are siblings

Decoded sentence: the kids are outside.
Answer sentence: the kid is outside.

Decoded sentence: the jacket is red.
Answer sentence: the jacket is red.

Decoded sentence: the jacket is blue.
Answer sentence: the jacket is blue.

Decoded sentence: the horses are brown.
Answer sentence: the horse is brown.

Decoded sentence: the horse is black.
Answer sentence: the horse is black.

Decoded sentence: the guys are outside.
Answer sentence: the guy is outside.

Decoded sentence: a group is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the group is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is young.
Answer sentence: the girls are young.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing.
Answer sentence: the girls are standing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is inside.
Answer sentence: the girls are inside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is in a movie theater.
Answer sentence: the girls are in a movie theater.

Decoded sentence: the girl is dancing.
Answer sentence: the girls are dancing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is white.
Answer sentence: the girl is white

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a bikini.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a bikini.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the girl is swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the girl is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting.
Answer sentence: the girl is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting.
Answer sentence: the girl is sitting

Decoded sentence: the girl is old.
Answer sentence: the girl is old

Decoded sentence: the girl is in the water.
Answer sentence: the girl is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wet.
Answer sentence: the girl is getting wet.

Decoded sentence: the girl is frowning.
Answer sentence: the girl is frowning.

Decoded sentence: the girl is at home.
Answer sentence: the girl is at home.

Decoded sentence: the girl is asian.
Answer sentence: the girl is asian

Decoded sentence: the girl has blond hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has blond hair.

Decoded sentence: the girl has black hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has black hair.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wet.
Answer sentence: the dogs are wet.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming.
Answer sentence: the dogs are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: the dogs are playing together.

Decoded sentence: the dog is inside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are inside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on his bed.
Answer sentence: the dog is sleeping on the bed.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on the grass.
Answer sentence: the dog is on the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is near the water.
Answer sentence: the dog is near the water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is lost.
Answer sentence: the dog is lost.

Decoded sentence: the dog is hungry.
Answer sentence: the dog is hungry.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wet.
Answer sentence: the dog is getting wet.

Decoded sentence: the dog is fat.
Answer sentence: the dog is fat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is is a man.
Answer sentence: the dog is energetic.

Decoded sentence: the dog is dry.
Answer sentence: the dog is dry

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a stick.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a stick.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing a ball

Decoded sentence: the dog is carrying a stick.
Answer sentence: the dog is carrying a stick.

Decoded sentence: the dog is brown.
Answer sentence: the dog is brown

Decoded sentence: the dog is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the dog is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the couple is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the couple is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a couple is holding hands.
Answer sentence: the couple are holding hands.

Decoded sentence: the child is wet.
Answer sentence: the children are wet.

Decoded sentence: the child is smiling.
Answer sentence: the children are smiling.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: the children are playing together.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the children are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the child is happy.
Answer sentence: the children are happy.

Decoded sentence: the child is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the children are asleep.

Decoded sentence: the child is swimming.
Answer sentence: the child is swimming.

Decoded sentence: the child is small.
Answer sentence: the child is small.

Decoded sentence: the child is running around.
Answer sentence: the child is running around.

Decoded sentence: the child is in the water.
Answer sentence: the child is in water.

Decoded sentence: the child is happy.
Answer sentence: the child is happy.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming.
Answer sentence: the boys are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing outside.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is getting wet.
Answer sentence: the boy is wet.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing a red shirt.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: the boy is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing a game.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the boy is jumping.
Answer sentence: the boy is jumping

Decoded sentence: the boy has brown hair.
Answer sentence: the boy has brown hair.

Decoded sentence: a boy and girl are siblings.
Answer sentence: the boy and girl are siblings.

Decoded sentence: tall people standing.
Answer sentence: tall people standing.

Decoded sentence: tall people standing.
Answer sentence: tall people standing

Decoded sentence: a tall human working.
Answer sentence: tall humans working

Decoded sentence: someone is working.
Answer sentence: someone is working.

Decoded sentence: someone is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: someone is wearing a jacket.

Decoded sentence: someone is walking.
Answer sentence: someone is walking.

Decoded sentence: someone is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: someone is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: someone is sitting.
Answer sentence: someone is sitting.

Decoded sentence: a group is playing music.
Answer sentence: someone is playing music.

Decoded sentence: the group is in the water.
Answer sentence: someone is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: some women are outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: some people are sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are shopping.
Answer sentence: some people are shopping.

Decoded sentence: people are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: some people are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the people are competing.
Answer sentence: some people are competing.

Decoded sentence: she is outdoors.
Answer sentence: she is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside.
Answer sentence: several people are outside.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: people standing

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: people sitting.

Decoded sentence: people are watching a performance.
Answer sentence: people are watching a performance.

Decoded sentence: people are walking on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people are swimming in the water.
Answer sentence: people are swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting inside.
Answer sentence: people are sitting inside.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting down.
Answer sentence: people are sitting down

Decoded sentence: people are running in a marathon.
Answer sentence: people are running in a marathon.

Decoded sentence: people are riding a roller coaster.
Answer sentence: people are riding a roller coaster.

Decoded sentence: people are racing.
Answer sentence: people are racing.

Decoded sentence: people are protesting.
Answer sentence: people are protesting.

Decoded sentence: people pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: people are posing for a picture.

Decoded sentence: the people are on vacation.
Answer sentence: people are on vacation.

Decoded sentence: the people are on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: people are on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the people are on the beach.
Answer sentence: people are on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the street.
Answer sentence: people are in the street.

Decoded sentence: people having a conversation.
Answer sentence: people are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: the people are going to work.
Answer sentence: people are going to work.

Decoded sentence: the people are fishing.
Answer sentence: people are fishing.

Decoded sentence: the people are at home.
Answer sentence: people are at home.

Decoded sentence: nobody is singing.
Answer sentence: nobody is singing.

Decoded sentence: nobody is racing.
Answer sentence: nobody is racing

Decoded sentence: nobody is lying.
Answer sentence: nobody is lying

Decoded sentence: nobody is holding.
Answer sentence: nobody is holding

Decoded sentence: nobody is competing.
Answer sentence: nobody is competing.

Decoded sentence: the running are not around.
Answer sentence: nobody is around.

Decoded sentence: nobody has pants.
Answer sentence: nobody has pants.

Decoded sentence: nobody has a coat.
Answer sentence: nobody has a coat

Decoded sentence: nobody is walking.
Answer sentence: no one is walking.

Decoded sentence: nobody is dancing.
Answer sentence: no one is dancing.

Decoded sentence: musicians are playing music.
Answer sentence: musicians are playing music.

Decoded sentence: musicians perform.
Answer sentence: musicians are performing.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: men are sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: men are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: men are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: it is sunny out.
Answer sentence: it is sunny

Decoded sentence: it is night some night.
Answer sentence: it is night time

Decoded sentence: it is cold.
Answer sentence: it is cold.

Decoded sentence: it is hot day.
Answer sentence: it is a hot day.

Decoded sentence: he is happy.
Answer sentence: he is happy.

Decoded sentence: the girl is dancing.
Answer sentence: girls are dancing.

Decoded sentence: four people are at a bar.
Answer sentence: four people are at the bar.

Decoded sentence: are is sitting down.
Answer sentence: everyone is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: is are outside.
Answer sentence: everyone is outside.

Decoded sentence: the there is inside.
Answer sentence: everyone is inside.

Decoded sentence: the group is sitting.
Answer sentence: everybody is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: dogs playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: dogs are running.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outside.
Answer sentence: dogs are running outside.

Decoded sentence: children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: children play outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is sitting down.
Answer sentence: children are sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: children are playing together.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: children are playing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: children are outdoors.
Answer sentence: children are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: an old woman is singing in a show.
Answer sentence: an old woman is singing in a show.

Decoded sentence: an empty street.
Answer sentence: an empty street.

Decoded sentence: an empty field.
Answer sentence: an empty field.

Decoded sentence: an animal is getting wet.
Answer sentence: an animal is wet.

Decoded sentence: the animal is running outside.
Answer sentence: an animal is running outside.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is swimming.
Answer sentence: a young girl is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a young child is sitting inside a house.
Answer sentence: a young child sits inside the house.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a young boy is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a young boy is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a woman sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting next to a car.
Answer sentence: a woman sits next to a car.

Decoded sentence: the woman sits alone.
Answer sentence: a woman sits alone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a horse.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a woman plays tennis.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a woman playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the woman is writing.
Answer sentence: a woman is writing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is writing a a the the group.
Answer sentence: a woman is writing a letter.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing all white.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing all white.

Decoded sentence: the woman is watching television.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching television.

Decoded sentence: the woman is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: a woman is washing dishes.
Answer sentence: a woman is washing dishes.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking in the park.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking in a park.

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting for a taxi.
Answer sentence: a woman is waiting for a taxi.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting in her chair.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: a woman is running on a treadmill.
Answer sentence: a woman is running on a treadmill.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding her motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a woman is riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a woman is pushing a stroller.
Answer sentence: a woman is pushing a stroller.

Decoded sentence: a woman is preparing food.
Answer sentence: a woman is preparing food.

Decoded sentence: the woman is posing.
Answer sentence: a woman is posing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing the piano.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman is looking at something.
Answer sentence: a woman is looking at something.

Decoded sentence: the woman is looking at her phone.
Answer sentence: a woman is looking at her phone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is knitting.
Answer sentence: a woman is knitting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: a woman is in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding an umbrella.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: the woman is getting married.
Answer sentence: a woman is getting married.

Decoded sentence: the woman is getting her hair done.
Answer sentence: a woman is getting her hair done.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dressed up.
Answer sentence: a woman is dressed up

Decoded sentence: the woman is drawing.
Answer sentence: a woman is drawing.

Decoded sentence: a woman is dancing in the streets.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing in the street.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cleaning.
Answer sentence: a woman is cleaning.

Decoded sentence: woman in a bar holding a beer a is a the the the the the.
Answer sentence: a woman in a bar, holding a beer and a shot glass.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a child.
Answer sentence: a woman holds a child.

Decoded sentence: a woman is crossing the street.
Answer sentence: a woman crosses the street.

Decoded sentence: a white dog is running.
Answer sentence: a white dog is running.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a tennis player is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: a tall person sitting.
Answer sentence: a tall person sitting

Decoded sentence: a tall human walking.
Answer sentence: a tall human walking.

Decoded sentence: a tall human standing.
Answer sentence: a tall human standing.

Decoded sentence: a tall human climbing.
Answer sentence: a tall human climbing

Decoded sentence: the surfer is in the water.
Answer sentence: a surfer is in the water.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder doing tricks.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder is doing tricks.

Decoded sentence: a person wearing a green helmet is dancing.
Answer sentence: a person wearing a green helmet is dancing.

Decoded sentence: a person playing.
Answer sentence: a person playing.

Decoded sentence: a person playing.
Answer sentence: a person playing

Decoded sentence: a person working outside.
Answer sentence: a person is working outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a person is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: a person walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: a person is walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a person is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a person is taking a picture.

Decoded sentence: a person is standing outdoors.
Answer sentence: a person is standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping.
Answer sentence: a person is sleeping

Decoded sentence: a person is skydiving.
Answer sentence: a person is skydiving.

Decoded sentence: a person is skating.
Answer sentence: a person is skating.

Decoded sentence: a person rides a bike outside.
Answer sentence: a person is riding a bike outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: a person is playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: a person is performing.
Answer sentence: a person is performing.

Decoded sentence: a person is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a person is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a person is on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a person is on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a person is in the air.
Answer sentence: a person is in the air.

Decoded sentence: the person is fishing.
Answer sentence: a person is fishing.

Decoded sentence: a person is doing fun.
Answer sentence: a person is doing something fun.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a man swims in a pool.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a park bench.
Answer sentence: a man sits on a park bench.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: a man sits at a table.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing on a stage.
Answer sentence: a man sings on stage.

Decoded sentence: the man is running down the street.
Answer sentence: a man runs down the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is a women men off his are people.
Answer sentence: a man rips off the arm of a stranger.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: a man reading.
Answer sentence: a man reading.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a man playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a man on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a man is jumping into water.
Answer sentence: a man jumps into the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is working outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is working outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man is working on a car.
Answer sentence: a man is working on his car.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing white.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing shorts.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing jeans.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a pink shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a helmet

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a black shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black hat.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a black hat.

Decoded sentence: a man is washing a window.
Answer sentence: a man is washing windows.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a man is walking down the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the man is a.
Answer sentence: a man is wakeboarding.

Decoded sentence: the man is waiting for a bus.
Answer sentence: a man is waiting for the bus.

Decoded sentence: a man is using a camera.
Answer sentence: a man is using a camera.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking to his wife.
Answer sentence: a man is talking to his wife.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man is talking on a phone.

Decoded sentence: a man is talking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture of a woman.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a picture of a woman.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing on the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is standing on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is speaking to people are by people.
Answer sentence: a man is speaking to a group of people.

Decoded sentence: a man is speaking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is speaking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a a are bicycle.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a stool.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a bench

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting down.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting down

Decoded sentence: the man is running in a race.
Answer sentence: a man is running in a race.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding an animal.
Answer sentence: a man is riding an animal.

Decoded sentence: a man is reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: a man is reading the newspaper.

Decoded sentence: a man is reading a is.
Answer sentence: a man is reading a magazine.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading a book on the couch.
Answer sentence: a man is reading a book on the couch.

Decoded sentence: a man poses for a picture.
Answer sentence: a man is posing for a picture

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the flute.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the flute.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing pool.
Answer sentence: a man is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing music.
Answer sentence: a man is playing music

Decoded sentence: the man is playing in the sand.
Answer sentence: a man is playing in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing hockey.
Answer sentence: a man is playing hockey.

Decoded sentence: a man is painting a house.
Answer sentence: a man is painting his house.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is outside in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the bus.
Answer sentence: a man is on the bus.

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: a man is naked.

Decoded sentence: a man is mowing the lawn.
Answer sentence: a man is mowing his lawn.

Decoded sentence: the man is making something.
Answer sentence: a man is making something.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping outside.
Answer sentence: a man is jumping outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is inside the building.
Answer sentence: a man is inside a building.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a man is in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the air.
Answer sentence: a man is in the air.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the park.
Answer sentence: a man is in a park.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a child.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: the man is happy in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is happy.

Decoded sentence: a man is getting a haircut.
Answer sentence: a man is getting a haircut.

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing for are.
Answer sentence: a man is fishing for trout.

Decoded sentence: the man is fishing in the fishing.
Answer sentence: a man is fishing

Decoded sentence: the man is eating ice cream.
Answer sentence: a man is eating ice cream.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating.
Answer sentence: a man is eating

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: a man is driving a car

Decoded sentence: the man is drinking.
Answer sentence: a man is drinking.

Decoded sentence: the man is drinking the water.
Answer sentence: a man is drinking water.

Decoded sentence: a man is drinking a beer.
Answer sentence: a man is drinking beer.

Decoded sentence: the man is dressed up.
Answer sentence: a man is dressed up.

Decoded sentence: the man is dressed up.
Answer sentence: a man is dressed up

Decoded sentence: a man is digging a hole.
Answer sentence: a man is digging a hole.

Decoded sentence: the man is dead.
Answer sentence: a man is dead in nebraska.

Decoded sentence: a man is crossing the street.
Answer sentence: a man is crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a ladder.
Answer sentence: a man is climbing a ladder.

Decoded sentence: the man is cleaning.
Answer sentence: a man is cleaning.

Decoded sentence: the man is blind.
Answer sentence: a man is blind.

Decoded sentence: the man is biking.
Answer sentence: a man is biking.

Decoded sentence: the man is pulling by himself.
Answer sentence: a man is being pulled by himself.

Decoded sentence: the man is bald.
Answer sentence: a man is bald.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the is a the store buying a woman.
Answer sentence: a man is at a convenience store buying a soda

Decoded sentence: a man is hugging a woman.
Answer sentence: a man hugs a woman.

Decoded sentence: the man has a is a is are.
Answer sentence: a man has facial hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has a beard.
Answer sentence: a man has a beard.

Decoded sentence: a man is drinking a beer.
Answer sentence: a man drinking a beer.

Decoded sentence: a man is crossing the street.
Answer sentence: a man crosses the street.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are sitting on a couch eating men.
Answer sentence: a man and woman is sitting on the couch eating chips.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are swimming.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are swimming.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a little girl is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the kids are outside.
Answer sentence: a kid is outside.

Decoded sentence: a human watching.
Answer sentence: a human watching

Decoded sentence: a human riding.
Answer sentence: a human riding.

Decoded sentence: a human singing.
Answer sentence: a human holding

Decoded sentence: a group of people watching a movie.
Answer sentence: a group of people watching a movie.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are talking.
Answer sentence: a group of people are talking.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a group of people are swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: a group of people are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people are outside

Decoded sentence: a group of people are in the city.
Answer sentence: a group of people are in the city.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are gathered outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people are gathered outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of men are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of men are outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of kids are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of kids are outside.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a girl is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the girl is singing.
Answer sentence: a girl is singing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a girl is riding her bike.

Decoded sentence: the girl is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a girl is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: the girl is on a swing.
Answer sentence: a girl is on a swing.

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping rope.
Answer sentence: a girl is jumping rope.

Decoded sentence: the girl is in the water.
Answer sentence: a girl is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the girl is dancing.
Answer sentence: a girl is dancing

Decoded sentence: the girl is brushing her teeth.
Answer sentence: a girl is brushing her teeth.

Decoded sentence: the girl is eating ice cream.
Answer sentence: a girl eats ice cream.

Decoded sentence: a funny human sitting.
Answer sentence: a funny human sitting

Decoded sentence: a human a human playing.
Answer sentence: a funny human playing

Decoded sentence: the female sits on the chair and eating a are.
Answer sentence: a female is sitting on the chair eating cereal.

Decoded sentence: a family is having a picnic.
Answer sentence: a family is having a picnic.

Decoded sentence: a dog swimming.
Answer sentence: a dog swimming.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with his toy.
Answer sentence: a dog plays with a toy.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: a dog playing outside.

Decoded sentence: a dog outdoors.
Answer sentence: a dog outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is taking a bath.
Answer sentence: a dog is taking a bath.

Decoded sentence: the dog is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a dog is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is racing.
Answer sentence: a dog is racing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing at the beach.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on a people.
Answer sentence: a dog is on a leash.

Decoded sentence: the dog is moving.
Answer sentence: a dog is moving.

Decoded sentence: the dog is laying down.
Answer sentence: a dog is laying down.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog is in the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is eating.
Answer sentence: a dog is eating.

Decoded sentence: the dog is eating food.
Answer sentence: a dog is eating food.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a rabbit.
Answer sentence: a dog is chasing a rabbit.

Decoded sentence: the dog is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a dog is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog has a toy.
Answer sentence: a dog has a toy.

Decoded sentence: the dog is catching a frisbee.
Answer sentence: a dog catches a frisbee.

Decoded sentence: the doctors are nude.
Answer sentence: a doctor runs nude through the hospital.

Decoded sentence: a couple walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a couple is walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: the couple is swimming.
Answer sentence: a couple is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a couple is kissing.
Answer sentence: a couple is kissing.

Decoded sentence: a couple are hugging.
Answer sentence: a couple is hugging.

Decoded sentence: a child playing.
Answer sentence: a child playing.

Decoded sentence: a child playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: a child playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the child is swinging.
Answer sentence: a child is swinging.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing with water.
Answer sentence: a child is playing with water.

Decoded sentence: the child is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a child is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the child is looking at something.
Answer sentence: a child is looking at something.

Decoded sentence: the child is indoors.
Answer sentence: a child is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the child is in the water.
Answer sentence: a child is in the water.

Decoded sentence: the child is climbing a tree.
Answer sentence: a child is climbing a tree.

Decoded sentence: the child is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: a child is asleep.

Decoded sentence: a cat is walking near a street.
Answer sentence: a cat walks near a street.

Decoded sentence: a cat is playing with a ball of the dog.
Answer sentence: a cat is playing with a ball of yarn.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: a boy plays.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a boy plays basketball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is kicking a ball.
Answer sentence: a boy kicks a ball.

Decoded sentence: a boy is jumping into a pool.
Answer sentence: a boy jumps into a pool.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: a boy is wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: a boy is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sitting.
Answer sentence: a boy is sitting.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing a video game.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing video games.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing in the mud.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing in the mud.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing football.
Answer sentence: a boy is playing football.

Decoded sentence: the boy is on a swing.
Answer sentence: a boy is on a swing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: a boy is kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: the boy is getting wet.
Answer sentence: a boy is getting wet.

Decoded sentence: the boy is flying a kite.
Answer sentence: a boy is flying a kite.

Decoded sentence: the boy is bowling.
Answer sentence: a boy is bowling.

Decoded sentence: the boy is at the beach.
Answer sentence: a boy is at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the black dog is swimming.
Answer sentence: a black dog is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is running.
Answer sentence: a black dog is running.

Decoded sentence: the black dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a black dog is outside.

Decoded sentence: a basketball game is being played.
Answer sentence: a basketball game is being played.

Decoded sentence: a baby is napping.
Answer sentence: a baby is napping.

Decoded sentence: woman with dog.
Answer sentence: women with dog

Decoded sentence: two people standing.
Answer sentence: two people are standing

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two people are outside

Decoded sentence: two men are working.
Answer sentence: two men are working

Decoded sentence: two men standing.
Answer sentence: two men are standing

Decoded sentence: two men are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two men are outside

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting

Decoded sentence: three men are outside.
Answer sentence: three men are outside

Decoded sentence: they are walking.
Answer sentence: they are walking

Decoded sentence: they have a a a meeting meeting in a office.
Answer sentence: they are having a sales meeting in an office building

Decoded sentence: they are at home sleeping.
Answer sentence: they are at home sleeping

Decoded sentence: they are at a park.
Answer sentence: they are at a park

Decoded sentence: there is a person.
Answer sentence: there is one person

Decoded sentence: there is a crowd.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd

Decoded sentence: there are two men.
Answer sentence: there are two men

Decoded sentence: there are people outside in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are some people outside in this picture

Decoded sentence: the woman is a sisters.
Answer sentence: the women are sisters

Decoded sentence: the woman is working.
Answer sentence: the woman is working

Decoded sentence: the woman is seated.
Answer sentence: the woman is seated

Decoded sentence: the woman is very hot.
Answer sentence: the woman is hot

Decoded sentence: the woman is black.
Answer sentence: the woman is black

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting for a his are on are having a outside.
Answer sentence: the turkey is waiting for some juicy batches on mturkgrind

Decoded sentence: the player is flying a plane.
Answer sentence: the players are flying a plane

Decoded sentence: a person is naked.
Answer sentence: the person is naked

Decoded sentence: the person is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the person is asleep

Decoded sentence: the people are lying on a people are lying on their a bed.
Answer sentence: the people are lying on therir beds

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: the men are working

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing white.
Answer sentence: the men are white

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting.
Answer sentence: the men are sitting

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the men are outdoors

Decoded sentence: the man is a friends.
Answer sentence: the men are friends

Decoded sentence: the man is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the men are asleep

Decoded sentence: the man is tall.
Answer sentence: the man is tall

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on top of the moon.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting on the top of the moon

Decoded sentence: the man is seated.
Answer sentence: the man is seated

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the man is outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: the man is eating lunch

Decoded sentence: the man is a teacher.
Answer sentence: the man is a teacher

Decoded sentence: the man is a performer.
Answer sentence: the man is a performer

Decoded sentence: the man is a is.
Answer sentence: the man is a hero

Decoded sentence: the man is a chef.
Answer sentence: the man is a chef

Decoded sentence: the kids are black.
Answer sentence: the kids are black

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the dogs are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the dog is a a the men.
Answer sentence: the dog is a chihuahua

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: the children are outside

Decoded sentence: the boy is a brother.
Answer sentence: the boys are brothers

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming.
Answer sentence: the boy is swimming

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the boy is asleep in his bed.
Answer sentence: the boy is asleep

Decoded sentence: the band was chasing home playing.
Answer sentence: the band stayed home to play poker

Decoded sentence: a group is outside.
Answer sentence: someone is outside

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a park.
Answer sentence: some women standing in a park

Decoded sentence: a person on a bike.
Answer sentence: person on bike

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: peoples are running

Decoded sentence: people are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: people play baseball

Decoded sentence: people on a street.
Answer sentence: people on street

Decoded sentence: the people are shopping.
Answer sentence: people are shopping.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: people are outdoors

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: man driving his car

Decoded sentence: a man at a cafe.
Answer sentence: man at cafe

Decoded sentence: the kids are deep ocean swimming.
Answer sentence: kids are deep ocean swimming

Decoded sentence: it is sunny out.
Answer sentence: it is sunny

Decoded sentence: he is using a is a woman in the woods.
Answer sentence: he is using the port-a- potty in the woods

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding her motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a motorcycle

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting

Decoded sentence: a woman is sewing.
Answer sentence: a woman is sewing

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating

Decoded sentence: a woman in black.
Answer sentence: a woman in black

Decoded sentence: a person walking.
Answer sentence: a person walking

Decoded sentence: the man is reading his the are alone alone.
Answer sentence: a man reading a book quietly alone

Decoded sentence: the man is talking.
Answer sentence: a man is talking

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting outside

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bike

Decoded sentence: the man is inside.
Answer sentence: a man is inside

Decoded sentence: the man is indoors.
Answer sentence: a man is indoors

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: a man in a blue shirt

Decoded sentence: a man drives a car.
Answer sentence: a man driving a car

Decoded sentence: a girl outside.
Answer sentence: a girl outside

Decoded sentence: the girl is smoking in the the is a is.
Answer sentence: a girl is smoking in the sewer

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a dog sleeps

Decoded sentence: a dog sleeping on a couch.
Answer sentence: a dog sleeping on a couch

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking.
Answer sentence: women are walking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: women are outside.

Decoded sentence: two women are walking.
Answer sentence: two women are walking together.

Decoded sentence: two women talk to each other.
Answer sentence: two women are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two women are smiling.
Answer sentence: two women are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two women are sleeping.
Answer sentence: two women are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: two women are playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: two women are playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: two women are cooking.
Answer sentence: two women are cooking.

Decoded sentence: two teams play soccer.
Answer sentence: two teams are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing outside.
Answer sentence: two people standing outside.

Decoded sentence: two people are holding hands.
Answer sentence: two people hold hands.

Decoded sentence: two people are watching tv.
Answer sentence: two people are watching tv.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking outdoors.
Answer sentence: two people are walking outdoors.

Decoded sentence: two people walk on the beach.
Answer sentence: two people are walking on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking home.
Answer sentence: two people are walking home.

Decoded sentence: two people are together.
Answer sentence: two people are together.

Decoded sentence: two people are swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: two people are smiling.
Answer sentence: two people are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two people sit at a table.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: two people are rock climbing.
Answer sentence: two people are rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding horses.
Answer sentence: two people are riding horses.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding motorcycles.
Answer sentence: two people are riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: two people play instruments.
Answer sentence: two people are playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: two people play chess.
Answer sentence: two people are playing chess.

Decoded sentence: two people are on the beach.
Answer sentence: two people are on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two people are on a date.
Answer sentence: two people are on a date.

Decoded sentence: two people are on a bench.
Answer sentence: two people are on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two people are next to each other.
Answer sentence: two people are next to each other.

Decoded sentence: two people making music.
Answer sentence: two people are making music.

Decoded sentence: two people are jogging.
Answer sentence: two people are jogging.

Decoded sentence: two people are in a car.
Answer sentence: two people are in a car.

Decoded sentence: two people are hugging.
Answer sentence: two people are hugging.

Decoded sentence: two people enjoying themselves.
Answer sentence: two people are enjoying themselves.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two men sit on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two men play basketball.
Answer sentence: two men play basketball.

Decoded sentence: two men outside.
Answer sentence: two men outside.

Decoded sentence: two men are watching television.
Answer sentence: two men are watching television.

Decoded sentence: two men talk to each other.
Answer sentence: two men are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men are swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: two men are swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: two men are swimming in the dark sea.
Answer sentence: two men are swimming in a dark sea

Decoded sentence: two men are performing.
Answer sentence: two men are performing.

Decoded sentence: two men are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: two men are outside

Decoded sentence: two men are near each other.
Answer sentence: two men are near each other.

Decoded sentence: two men are inside a building.
Answer sentence: two men are inside a building.

Decoded sentence: two men are in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: two men are in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two girls are swimming in the pool.
Answer sentence: two girls are swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: two girls are smiling.
Answer sentence: two girls are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two girls play soccer.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are taking a nap.
Answer sentence: two dogs are taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: two dogs sit on a couch.
Answer sentence: two dogs are sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play fetch.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are in the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs are in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children play.
Answer sentence: two children playing.

Decoded sentence: two boys play.
Answer sentence: two boys are playing.

Decoded sentence: three women are outdoors.
Answer sentence: three women are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: three people are swimming.
Answer sentence: three people are swimming.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing a game.
Answer sentence: three people are playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three men are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: three men are playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are sleeping.
Answer sentence: three dogs are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: three children are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: three children are outside.
Answer sentence: three children are outside.

Decoded sentence: they are talking.
Answer sentence: they are talking.

Decoded sentence: they are swimming in a lake.
Answer sentence: they are swimming in a lake.

Decoded sentence: they are protesting.
Answer sentence: they are protesting.

Decoded sentence: they are looking for something.
Answer sentence: they are looking for something

Decoded sentence: they are in love.
Answer sentence: they are in love.

Decoded sentence: there is only one dog.
Answer sentence: there is only one dog.

Decoded sentence: there is one man in this a picture that he is inside.
Answer sentence: there is one man in this picture, and he is inside.

Decoded sentence: there is a child in outside a picture.
Answer sentence: there is one child in this picture, and he is outside.

Decoded sentence: there is no one on the street.
Answer sentence: there is no one on the street.

Decoded sentence: there are food.
Answer sentence: there is food.

Decoded sentence: there is a soccer game.
Answer sentence: there is a soccer game.

Decoded sentence: there is a person outside in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a person outside in this picture

Decoded sentence: there is a party.
Answer sentence: there is a party.

Decoded sentence: there are men working.
Answer sentence: there is a man working.

Decoded sentence: there is a man standing.
Answer sentence: there is a man standing.

Decoded sentence: there are men outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a man standing outdoors

Decoded sentence: there is a man riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: there is a man riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: there is a man outside.
Answer sentence: there is a man outside

Decoded sentence: there are men inside.
Answer sentence: there is a man inside.

Decoded sentence: there is a man eating dinner at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: there is a man eating dinner at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: there is a large group of people.
Answer sentence: there is a large group of people.

Decoded sentence: there are ladies.
Answer sentence: there is a lady.

Decoded sentence: there are kids sleeping.
Answer sentence: there is a kid sleeping

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of men.
Answer sentence: there is a group of men.

Decoded sentence: there are dogs outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a dog outdoors

Decoded sentence: there is a dog in this picture.
Answer sentence: there is a dog in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there is a dog in the water.
Answer sentence: there is a dog in the water.

Decoded sentence: there is a competition going on.
Answer sentence: there is a competition going on.

Decoded sentence: there are boys outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a boy outdoors

Decoded sentence: there is a boat on the water.
Answer sentence: there is a boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: there is a band performing.
Answer sentence: there is a band performing.

Decoded sentence: there are two women in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are two woman in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are two people in this photo.
Answer sentence: there are two people in the photo.

Decoded sentence: there are two kids.
Answer sentence: there are two kids.

Decoded sentence: there are two females.
Answer sentence: there are two females.

Decoded sentence: there are three people in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are three people in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are three men.
Answer sentence: there are three men

Decoded sentence: there are people outside in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are some people outside in this picture

Decoded sentence: there are people in the picture of inside the picture.
Answer sentence: there are several people in this picture, and they are all inside.

Decoded sentence: there are some children in this picture.
Answer sentence: there are several children in this picture.

Decoded sentence: there are people waiting.
Answer sentence: there are people waiting.

Decoded sentence: there are people swimming.
Answer sentence: there are people swimming.

Decoded sentence: there are people swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: there are people swimming in the ocean

Decoded sentence: there are people riding horses.
Answer sentence: there are people riding horses.

Decoded sentence: there are people riding bikes.
Answer sentence: there are people riding bikes.

Decoded sentence: there are people playing soccer.
Answer sentence: there are people playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: there are people performing.
Answer sentence: there are people performing.

Decoded sentence: there are people inside a building.
Answer sentence: there are people inside a building.

Decoded sentence: there are people in a pool.
Answer sentence: there are people in a pool.

Decoded sentence: there are people having a conversation.
Answer sentence: there are people having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: there are people outside.
Answer sentence: there are people eating outside.

Decoded sentence: there are people at the table.
Answer sentence: there are people at a table.

Decoded sentence: there are no women.
Answer sentence: there are no women

Decoded sentence: there are no people.
Answer sentence: there are no people.

Decoded sentence: there are no people.
Answer sentence: there are no people

Decoded sentence: there is no girl.
Answer sentence: there are no girls

Decoded sentence: there is no car on the street.
Answer sentence: there are no cars on the street.

Decoded sentence: there are more than one child.
Answer sentence: there are more than 2 people.

Decoded sentence: there are four people outside.
Answer sentence: there are four people outside.

Decoded sentence: there are four men.
Answer sentence: there are four men.

Decoded sentence: there are four children.
Answer sentence: there are four children.

Decoded sentence: there are five people.
Answer sentence: there are five people.

Decoded sentence: there are five men.
Answer sentence: there are five men.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is outside.
Answer sentence: the young girl is outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the women are wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking to each other.
Answer sentence: the women are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing outside.
Answer sentence: the women are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: the women are outside

Decoded sentence: the woman is very old.
Answer sentence: the women are old.

Decoded sentence: the woman is naked in the woman.
Answer sentence: the women are naked.

Decoded sentence: the woman is cooking.
Answer sentence: the women are cooking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the women are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the women are asleep.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing shoes.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing shoes.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing green.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing green.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing all black.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing all black.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a white dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a white dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a jacket.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a coat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a bathing suit.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a bathing suit.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking to work.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking to work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking to the store.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking to the store.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking home.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking home.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking a dog.
Answer sentence: the woman is walking her dog.

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting for someone.
Answer sentence: the woman is waiting for someone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting for a friend.
Answer sentence: the woman is waiting for a friend.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking.
Answer sentence: the woman is talking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing up.
Answer sentence: the woman is standing up.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on the beach.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: the woman is sitting on a chair.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sewing a dress.
Answer sentence: the woman is sewing a dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is running in a marathon.
Answer sentence: the woman is running in a marathon.

Decoded sentence: the woman is rollerblading.
Answer sentence: the woman is rollerblading.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the woman is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the woman is resting.
Answer sentence: the woman is resting.

Decoded sentence: the woman is reading.
Answer sentence: the woman is reading.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: the woman is playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: a woman is a cat.
Answer sentence: the woman is petting her cat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the woman is outdoors

Decoded sentence: the woman is on the beach.
Answer sentence: the woman is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on her bike.
Answer sentence: the woman is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the woman is moving her.
Answer sentence: the woman is moving her mouth.

Decoded sentence: the woman is jumping.
Answer sentence: the woman is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is in a wheelchair.
Answer sentence: the woman is in a wheelchair.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding an umbrella.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a child.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a is the dog.
Answer sentence: the woman is hispanic.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: the woman is eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the woman is drunk.
Answer sentence: the woman is drunk.

Decoded sentence: the woman is doing jumping jacks.
Answer sentence: the woman is doing jumping jacks.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a while the is their wearing outside.
Answer sentence: the woman is caucasian.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a in sand.
Answer sentence: the woman is buried in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the woman is bowling.
Answer sentence: the woman is bowling.

Decoded sentence: the woman is woman getting ready hair on her big town while.
Answer sentence: the woman is blow-drying her hair, getting ready for a big night-out on the town.

Decoded sentence: the woman is baking a cake in home.
Answer sentence: the woman is baking a cake in her home.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at work.
Answer sentence: the woman is at work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at a wedding.
Answer sentence: the woman is at a wedding.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asleep in the bed.
Answer sentence: the woman is asleep

Decoded sentence: the woman is an artist.
Answer sentence: the woman is an artist.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a teacher.
Answer sentence: the woman is a teacher.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a a a the the.
Answer sentence: the woman is a scientist.

Decoded sentence: the woman is asian.
Answer sentence: the woman is asian.

Decoded sentence: the woman has hair.
Answer sentence: the woman has hair.

Decoded sentence: the woman has a tattoo.
Answer sentence: the woman has a tattoo.

Decoded sentence: the woman has a dog.
Answer sentence: the woman has a dog.

Decoded sentence: a woman and child are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the woman and child are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the water is being woman.
Answer sentence: the water is frozen.

Decoded sentence: two people are outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: the two people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the two girls are sisters.
Answer sentence: the two girls are sisters.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the two dogs are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the two children are siblings.
Answer sentence: the two children are siblings.

Decoded sentence: the tree is very tall.
Answer sentence: the trees are tall.

Decoded sentence: the train is are the are man in her bed.
Answer sentence: the train is late.

Decoded sentence: three people are outside.
Answer sentence: the three people are outside.

Decoded sentence: the sun is the the the the group.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining

Decoded sentence: the street is the the the the the desert.
Answer sentence: the street is deserted.

Decoded sentence: the snowboarder is outside.
Answer sentence: the snowboarder is outside.

Decoded sentence: the sky is blue.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder doing tricks.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder is doing a trick.

Decoded sentence: the shirt is white.
Answer sentence: the shirt is white.

Decoded sentence: the shirt is white.
Answer sentence: the shirt is white

Decoded sentence: the shirt is green.
Answer sentence: the shirt is green

Decoded sentence: the shirt is blue.
Answer sentence: the shirt is blue

Decoded sentence: an empty room.
Answer sentence: the room is empty.

Decoded sentence: the restaurant is closed.
Answer sentence: the restaurant is closed.

Decoded sentence: the players are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the players are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the player is woman in the pool.
Answer sentence: the player is wading in a pool.

Decoded sentence: a person is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: the person is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: a person is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the person is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: a person is standing outside.
Answer sentence: the person is standing outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is singing.
Answer sentence: the person is singing.

Decoded sentence: a person is riding a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the person is riding a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a person is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: the person is playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the person is on vacation.
Answer sentence: the person is on vacation.

Decoded sentence: the person is old.
Answer sentence: the person is old.

Decoded sentence: a person is naked.
Answer sentence: the person is naked.

Decoded sentence: the person is male.
Answer sentence: the person is male

Decoded sentence: the person is homeless.
Answer sentence: the person is homeless.

Decoded sentence: a person has a skateboard.
Answer sentence: the person has a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the people are young.
Answer sentence: the people are young

Decoded sentence: people are working together.
Answer sentence: the people are working

Decoded sentence: people are getting wet.
Answer sentence: the people are wet.

Decoded sentence: people are watching a parade.
Answer sentence: the people are watching a parade.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: the people are walking together.

Decoded sentence: people are walking down a road.
Answer sentence: the people are walking down the road.

Decoded sentence: the people are together.
Answer sentence: the people are together.

Decoded sentence: the people are talking to each other.
Answer sentence: the people are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: people swimming together.
Answer sentence: the people are swimming

Decoded sentence: the people are skating.
Answer sentence: the people are skating.

Decoded sentence: the people are riding in a car.
Answer sentence: the people are riding in a car.

Decoded sentence: people riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the people are riding bicycles.

Decoded sentence: people are playing cards.
Answer sentence: the people are playing cards.

Decoded sentence: the people are on a plane.
Answer sentence: the people are on a plane.

Decoded sentence: the people are on a bus.
Answer sentence: the people are on a bus.

Decoded sentence: the people are old.
Answer sentence: the people are old.

Decoded sentence: the people are naked in a dog.
Answer sentence: the people are naked.

Decoded sentence: people laughing.
Answer sentence: the people are laughing.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the people are in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: people are holding hands.
Answer sentence: the people are holding hands.

Decoded sentence: the people have a meeting.
Answer sentence: the people are having a meeting.

Decoded sentence: the people are fishing.
Answer sentence: the people are fishing.

Decoded sentence: people are fighting.
Answer sentence: the people are fighting.

Decoded sentence: people fight each other.
Answer sentence: the people are fighting each other.

Decoded sentence: the people are exercising.
Answer sentence: the people are exercising.

Decoded sentence: the people are drinking.
Answer sentence: the people are drinking.

Decoded sentence: people are dancing in a bar.
Answer sentence: the people are dancing in a bar

Decoded sentence: the people are cooking.
Answer sentence: the people are cooking.

Decoded sentence: the people are cold.
Answer sentence: the people are cold.

Decoded sentence: the people are at a funeral.
Answer sentence: the people are at a funeral.

Decoded sentence: the people are all men.
Answer sentence: the people are all men.

Decoded sentence: the people are all eating at a some a building in front.
Answer sentence: the people are all eating cafeteria food at the tables in the building.

Decoded sentence: the people are is an is on.
Answer sentence: the people are aliens.

Decoded sentence: an empty park.
Answer sentence: the park is empty.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: the men are walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is together.
Answer sentence: the men are together.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: the men are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: the men are riding horses.

Decoded sentence: a man rides a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the men are riding bicycles.

Decoded sentence: the man is racing.
Answer sentence: the men are racing.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing down the ocean.
Answer sentence: the men are playing volleyball down by the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing music.
Answer sentence: the men are playing music.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing hockey.
Answer sentence: the men are playing hockey.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing golf.
Answer sentence: the men are playing golf.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing cards.
Answer sentence: the men are playing cards.

Decoded sentence: the man is having fun.
Answer sentence: the men are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the man is fighting his child.
Answer sentence: the men are fighting the children.

Decoded sentence: a man is drinking coffee.
Answer sentence: the men are drinking coffee.

Decoded sentence: the man 's shirt is red.
Answer sentence: the man 's shirt is red.

Decoded sentence: the man is working outdoors.
Answer sentence: the man is working outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is working on his project.
Answer sentence: the man is working on a project.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a is.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing sandals.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing jeans

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing gloves.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing gloves.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing an orange shirt.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a tank top.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a tank top.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a sweater.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a sweater.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a red coat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red coat.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a a the the the the group.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a mask.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a hat

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a cap.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a cap.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black suit.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a black suit.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a black hat.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a black hat.

Decoded sentence: the man is water skiing.
Answer sentence: the man is water skiing.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching television.
Answer sentence: the man is watching television.

Decoded sentence: a man is washing dishes.
Answer sentence: the man is washing dishes.

Decoded sentence: a man is using a tool.
Answer sentence: the man is using a tool.

Decoded sentence: the man is upside down.
Answer sentence: the man is upside down.

Decoded sentence: the man is are man in her of the dog.
Answer sentence: the man is unemployed.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: the man is talking on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing in the rain.
Answer sentence: the man is standing in the rain.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the man is the is is a a the the the the the man was their.
Answer sentence: the man is skinny.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting in a car.
Answer sentence: the man is sitting in his car.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing a song.
Answer sentence: the man is singing a song.

Decoded sentence: the man is singing.
Answer sentence: the man is singing

Decoded sentence: the man is showing off.
Answer sentence: the man is showing off.

Decoded sentence: the man is shirtless.
Answer sentence: the man is shirtless

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a bull.
Answer sentence: the man is riding a bull.

Decoded sentence: a man is reading a is.
Answer sentence: the man is reading a magazine.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing with the dog.
Answer sentence: the man is playing with his dog.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing basketball.
Answer sentence: the man is playing basketball

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: the man is playing an instrument

Decoded sentence: the man is on the street.
Answer sentence: the man is on the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a train.
Answer sentence: the man is on a train.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a plane.
Answer sentence: the man is on a plane.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a horse.
Answer sentence: the man is on a horse.

Decoded sentence: the man is older.
Answer sentence: the man is older

Decoded sentence: the man is not wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: the man is not wearing a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the man is not holding anything.
Answer sentence: the man is not holding anything.

Decoded sentence: the man is near a building.
Answer sentence: the man is near the building.

Decoded sentence: the man is the.
Answer sentence: the man is meditating.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping.
Answer sentence: the man is jumping

Decoded sentence: the man is in the living room.
Answer sentence: the man is in his living room.

Decoded sentence: the man is in the car.
Answer sentence: the man is in his car.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a wheelchair.
Answer sentence: the man is in a wheelchair.

Decoded sentence: the man is in his room alone.
Answer sentence: the man is in a room alone.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a field.
Answer sentence: the man is in a field.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a competition.
Answer sentence: the man is in a competition.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a boat.
Answer sentence: the man is in a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a sign.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a sign.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a camera.
Answer sentence: the man is holding a camera.

Decoded sentence: the man is going to work.
Answer sentence: the man is going to work

Decoded sentence: the man is falling.
Answer sentence: the man is falling.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating dinner.
Answer sentence: the man is eating dinner

Decoded sentence: the man is drunk.
Answer sentence: the man is drunk.

Decoded sentence: a man is drinking a beer.
Answer sentence: the man is drinking beer.

Decoded sentence: the man is crying.
Answer sentence: the man is crying.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: the man is cooking

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a mountain.
Answer sentence: the man is climbing a mountain.

Decoded sentence: the man is is a while in the the man in the was a is a man.
Answer sentence: the man is clean-shaven.

Decoded sentence: a man is carrying something.
Answer sentence: the man is carrying something.

Decoded sentence: the man is by himself.
Answer sentence: the man is by himself.

Decoded sentence: the man is bowling.
Answer sentence: the man is bowling.

Decoded sentence: the man is.
Answer sentence: the man is barefoot.

Decoded sentence: the man is man in his a the the is wearing man man and his.
Answer sentence: the man is athletic.

Decoded sentence: the man is at the park.
Answer sentence: the man is at the park.

Decoded sentence: the man is at home the fast.
Answer sentence: the man is at home, fast asleep.

Decoded sentence: the man is a woman.
Answer sentence: the man is actually a woman.

Decoded sentence: the man is a worker.
Answer sentence: the man is a worker.

Decoded sentence: the man is a is a is.
Answer sentence: the man is a welder.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a the the.
Answer sentence: the man is a fisherman.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a the together.
Answer sentence: the man is a daredevil.

Decoded sentence: the man is a cowboy.
Answer sentence: the man is a cowboy.

Decoded sentence: the man is preparing to a costume preparing party preparing.
Answer sentence: the man is a clown that is in full make-up and costume, preparing to entertain a birthday party.

Decoded sentence: the man is a is a is a is a is very the the the the the.
Answer sentence: the man is a carpenter.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a.
Answer sentence: the man is a butcher.

Decoded sentence: the man is a a.
Answer sentence: the man is a butcher, in the middle of cutting up a side of beef into steaks at a local butcher shop.

Decoded sentence: the man is asian.
Answer sentence: the man is asian

Decoded sentence: the man has on clothing.
Answer sentence: the man has on clothing.

Decoded sentence: the man has no a tattoo.
Answer sentence: the man has no tattoos.

Decoded sentence: the man has no hands.
Answer sentence: the man has no hands.

Decoded sentence: the man has no hair.
Answer sentence: the man has no hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has his eyes open.
Answer sentence: the man has his eyes open.

Decoded sentence: the man has hair.
Answer sentence: the man has hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has gray hair.
Answer sentence: the man has gray hair.

Decoded sentence: the man has a shirt on.
Answer sentence: the man has a shirt on.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are talking.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are talking.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are standing.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are standing.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is playing.
Answer sentence: the little girl is playing.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the little girl is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the lady is old.
Answer sentence: the lady is old

Decoded sentence: the kids are taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the kids are taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the kids are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the kids are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing video games.
Answer sentence: the kids are playing video games.

Decoded sentence: the kids are outdoors.
Answer sentence: the kids are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the kids are friends.
Answer sentence: the kids are friends.

Decoded sentence: the a the the the the is outside.
Answer sentence: the hikers are outside.

Decoded sentence: the guys are sleeping.
Answer sentence: the guy is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are friends.
Answer sentence: the group of people are friends.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wet.
Answer sentence: the girl is wet.

Decoded sentence: the girl is white.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing white.

Decoded sentence: the girl is watching tv.
Answer sentence: the girl is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the girl is watching television.
Answer sentence: the girl is watching television.

Decoded sentence: the girl is walking.
Answer sentence: the girl is walking.

Decoded sentence: the girl is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the girl is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the girl is sad.
Answer sentence: the girl is sad.

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a man.
Answer sentence: the girl is riding a tricycle.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing softball.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing softball.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is little.
Answer sentence: the girl is little.

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping rope.
Answer sentence: the girl is jumping rope.

Decoded sentence: the girl has a man.
Answer sentence: the girl has pigtails.

Decoded sentence: the girl has hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has hair.

Decoded sentence: the girl has brown hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has brown hair.

Decoded sentence: the girl has blonde hair.
Answer sentence: the girl has blonde hair.

Decoded sentence: four people are friends.
Answer sentence: the four people are friends.

Decoded sentence: a football player is sitting on the bench.
Answer sentence: the football player is sitting on the bench.

Decoded sentence: the family is happy.
Answer sentence: the family is happy.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the dogs are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the dog is sitting.
Answer sentence: the dogs are sitting.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are running outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is inside.
Answer sentence: the dogs are inside

Decoded sentence: the dog is indoors.
Answer sentence: the dogs are indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the water.
Answer sentence: the dogs are in the water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is having fun.
Answer sentence: the dogs are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a cat.
Answer sentence: the dogs are chasing a cat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: the dogs are chasing a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is brown.
Answer sentence: the dogs are brown.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running outdoors.
Answer sentence: the dog is running outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running in the sand.
Answer sentence: the dog is running in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing with the ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing fetch with his owner.
Answer sentence: the dog is playing fetch with its owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is the is a a the the the the the group is their.
Answer sentence: the dog is playful.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on the bed.
Answer sentence: the dog is on the bed.

Decoded sentence: the dog is on the beach.
Answer sentence: the dog is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog is looking for his owner.
Answer sentence: the dog is looking for his owner.

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping.
Answer sentence: the dog is jumping

Decoded sentence: the dog is in a competition.
Answer sentence: the dog is in a competition.

Decoded sentence: the dog is excited.
Answer sentence: the dog is excited.

Decoded sentence: the dog is dead outside.
Answer sentence: the dog is dead outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is black and white.
Answer sentence: the dog is black and white.

Decoded sentence: the dog is a a the the.
Answer sentence: the dog is a golden retriever.

Decoded sentence: the dog has something in its mouth.
Answer sentence: the dog has something in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: the couple are happy.
Answer sentence: the couple is happy.

Decoded sentence: the couple is getting married.
Answer sentence: the couple is getting married.

Decoded sentence: the classroom is empty.
Answer sentence: the classroom is empty.

Decoded sentence: the child is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: the children are wearing helmets.

Decoded sentence: the child is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the children are taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing video games.
Answer sentence: the children are playing video games.

Decoded sentence: children are playing football.
Answer sentence: the children are playing football.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: the children are playing

Decoded sentence: the child is in school.
Answer sentence: the children are in school.

Decoded sentence: the child is eating.
Answer sentence: the children are eating.

Decoded sentence: the child is at the beach.
Answer sentence: the children are at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the children all taking all in bed.
Answer sentence: the children are all taking naps in their beds upstairs.

Decoded sentence: the child is young.
Answer sentence: the child is young.

Decoded sentence: the child is wearing a green shirt.
Answer sentence: the child is wearing a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: the child is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the child is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the child is smiling.
Answer sentence: the child is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: the child is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: the child is playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the child is jumping.
Answer sentence: the child is jumping.

Decoded sentence: the car is parked.
Answer sentence: the car is parked.

Decoded sentence: the building has no windows.
Answer sentence: the building has no windows.

Decoded sentence: the boy is running.
Answer sentence: the boys are running.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: the boys are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the boy is having fun.
Answer sentence: the boys are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing red.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing jeans.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a baseball cap.
Answer sentence: the boy is wearing a baseball cap.

Decoded sentence: the boy is swimming.
Answer sentence: the boy is swimming

Decoded sentence: the boy is smiling.
Answer sentence: the boy is smiling

Decoded sentence: the boy is sleep.
Answer sentence: the boy is sleep.

Decoded sentence: the boy is sitting in a chair.
Answer sentence: the boy is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: the boy is riding his bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: the boy is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bicycle.
Answer sentence: the boy is riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the boy is reading.
Answer sentence: the boy is reading.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing the violin.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing the violin.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing

Decoded sentence: the boy is inside.
Answer sentence: the boy is inside

Decoded sentence: the boy is dancing.
Answer sentence: the boy is dancing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is climbing a tree.
Answer sentence: the boy is climbing a tree.

Decoded sentence: the boy is alone.
Answer sentence: the boy is alone.

Decoded sentence: the birds are flying.
Answer sentence: the bird is flying.

Decoded sentence: a biker is outdoors.
Answer sentence: the biker is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the bike is red.
Answer sentence: the bike is red

Decoded sentence: the bicycle is red.
Answer sentence: the bicycle is red.

Decoded sentence: the band is practicing in their garage.
Answer sentence: the band is practicing in a garage.

Decoded sentence: the band is playing.
Answer sentence: the band is playing.

Decoded sentence: the band is performing.
Answer sentence: the band is performing.

Decoded sentence: the baby is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: the baby is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: a baby is smiling.
Answer sentence: the baby is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the baby is playing.
Answer sentence: the baby is playing.

Decoded sentence: the baby is outside.
Answer sentence: the baby is outside.

Decoded sentence: the baby is asleep.
Answer sentence: the baby is asleep.

Decoded sentence: tall people sitting.
Answer sentence: tall people sitting.

Decoded sentence: tall people sitting.
Answer sentence: tall people sitting

Decoded sentence: a tall human walking.
Answer sentence: tall humans walking.

Decoded sentence: a tall human talking.
Answer sentence: tall humans talking

Decoded sentence: a tall human dancing.
Answer sentence: tall humans dancing

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping.
Answer sentence: the man is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: someone is walking outside.
Answer sentence: someone is walking outside.

Decoded sentence: someone is walking.
Answer sentence: someone is walking

Decoded sentence: someone is throwing something.
Answer sentence: someone is throwing something.

Decoded sentence: the group is surfing.
Answer sentence: someone is surfing.

Decoded sentence: someone is running.
Answer sentence: someone is running.

Decoded sentence: someone is riding a skateboard.
Answer sentence: someone is riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: someone is playing.
Answer sentence: someone is playing.

Decoded sentence: a group of are fishing.
Answer sentence: someone is fishing.

Decoded sentence: someone is driving a car.
Answer sentence: someone is driving a car.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: some people sitting

Decoded sentence: people are playing music.
Answer sentence: some people play music.

Decoded sentence: people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: some people are sitting on a bench.

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: some people are running.

Decoded sentence: people playing.
Answer sentence: some people are playing.

Decoded sentence: people are playing football.
Answer sentence: some people are playing football.

Decoded sentence: people are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: some people are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: people are performing.
Answer sentence: some people are performing.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the street.
Answer sentence: some people are in the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is working.
Answer sentence: some men are working.

Decoded sentence: a kid is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: some kids are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: some dogs are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside.
Answer sentence: some dogs are outside.

Decoded sentence: people are outdoors in the the group.
Answer sentence: several people are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: people are working together.
Answer sentence: people working.

Decoded sentence: people walking down the street.
Answer sentence: people walking down a street.

Decoded sentence: people walking together.
Answer sentence: people walking

Decoded sentence: people swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: people swimming in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: people standing.
Answer sentence: people standing.

Decoded sentence: people are standing around.
Answer sentence: people standing around.

Decoded sentence: the people are sitting down outside.
Answer sentence: people sitting down.

Decoded sentence: people running.
Answer sentence: people running.

Decoded sentence: people are playing basketball.
Answer sentence: people playing basketball.

Decoded sentence: the people are dancing.
Answer sentence: people dancing.

Decoded sentence: the people are wearing helmets.
Answer sentence: people are wearing helmets.

Decoded sentence: people are watching tv.
Answer sentence: people are watching tv.

Decoded sentence: people are watching television.
Answer sentence: people are watching television.

Decoded sentence: people are watching a race.
Answer sentence: people are watching a race.

Decoded sentence: people walking outside.
Answer sentence: people are walking outside

Decoded sentence: people are walking on the beach.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the beach.

Decoded sentence: people are walking in the rain.
Answer sentence: people are walking in the rain.

Decoded sentence: people are standing around.
Answer sentence: people are walking around

Decoded sentence: people are waiting for a bus.
Answer sentence: people are waiting for the bus.

Decoded sentence: the people are waiting at a bus stop.
Answer sentence: people are waiting at a bus stop.

Decoded sentence: the people are talking to each other.
Answer sentence: people are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: people standing outside.
Answer sentence: people are standing outside

Decoded sentence: people are standing outdoors.
Answer sentence: people are standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: people are standing in line.
Answer sentence: people are standing in line.

Decoded sentence: the people are sleeping.
Answer sentence: people are sleeping

Decoded sentence: the people are skiing.
Answer sentence: people are skiing.

Decoded sentence: the people are together.
Answer sentence: people are sitting together.

Decoded sentence: people sitting.
Answer sentence: people are sitting

Decoded sentence: people are running in a race.
Answer sentence: people are running in a race.

Decoded sentence: people are riding motorcycles.
Answer sentence: people are riding motorcycles

Decoded sentence: people riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: people are riding bicycles.

Decoded sentence: people are playing rugby.
Answer sentence: people are playing rugby.

Decoded sentence: the people are man.
Answer sentence: people are partying.

Decoded sentence: the people are outside walking.
Answer sentence: people are outside walking.

Decoded sentence: the people are on the street.
Answer sentence: people are on a street.

Decoded sentence: other people are nearby.
Answer sentence: people are nearby.

Decoded sentence: the people are near water.
Answer sentence: people are near water.

Decoded sentence: the people are moving.
Answer sentence: people are moving.

Decoded sentence: the people are the is a the was a the the men.
Answer sentence: people are marching.

Decoded sentence: the people are listening to music.
Answer sentence: people are listening to music.

Decoded sentence: people are jumping.
Answer sentence: people are jumping.

Decoded sentence: the people are inside.
Answer sentence: people are inside

Decoded sentence: the people are in a store.
Answer sentence: people are in a store.

Decoded sentence: the people are in a field.
Answer sentence: people are in a field.

Decoded sentence: the people are in the city.
Answer sentence: people are in a city.

Decoded sentence: people are having fun.
Answer sentence: people are having fun.

Decoded sentence: the people are gathered.
Answer sentence: people are gathered.

Decoded sentence: the people are gathered outside.
Answer sentence: people are gathered outside.

Decoded sentence: the people are exercising.
Answer sentence: people are exercising.

Decoded sentence: people are crossing a street.
Answer sentence: people are crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: people are boxing.
Answer sentence: people are boxing.

Decoded sentence: the people are at the beach.
Answer sentence: people are at the beach

Decoded sentence: the people are at a meeting.
Answer sentence: people are at a meeting.

Decoded sentence: nobody is running.
Answer sentence: nothing is running

Decoded sentence: nobody is jumping.
Answer sentence: nothing is jumping

Decoded sentence: nobody is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: nobody is wearing a jacket.

Decoded sentence: nobody is waiting.
Answer sentence: nobody is waiting.

Decoded sentence: nobody is waiting.
Answer sentence: nobody is waiting

Decoded sentence: nobody is swinging.
Answer sentence: nobody is swinging.

Decoded sentence: nobody is swimming.
Answer sentence: nobody is swimming.

Decoded sentence: nobody is speaking.
Answer sentence: nobody is speaking

Decoded sentence: nobody is smoking.
Answer sentence: nobody is smoking

Decoded sentence: nobody is skiing.
Answer sentence: nobody is skiing

Decoded sentence: nobody is preparing.
Answer sentence: nobody is preparing.

Decoded sentence: nobody is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: nobody is playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: nobody is outside.
Answer sentence: nobody is outside.

Decoded sentence: nobody is on a bike.
Answer sentence: nobody is on a bike.

Decoded sentence: nobody is leaning.
Answer sentence: nobody is leaning.

Decoded sentence: a group is cooking.
Answer sentence: nobody is cooking.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: men are standing outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is running.
Answer sentence: men are running.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing poker.
Answer sentence: men are playing poker.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing an instrument.
Answer sentence: men are playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: the man is outdoors.
Answer sentence: men are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing outside.
Answer sentence: kids playing outside.

Decoded sentence: a kid is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: kids are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing.
Answer sentence: kids are playing

Decoded sentence: it is very people out.
Answer sentence: it is wintertime.

Decoded sentence: it is winter time.
Answer sentence: it is winter time.

Decoded sentence: it is the girl 's birthday.
Answer sentence: it is the girl 's birthday.

Decoded sentence: it is a day of are.
Answer sentence: it is day time.

Decoded sentence: it is cold outside.
Answer sentence: it is cold outside

Decoded sentence: it is a are the is outside.
Answer sentence: it is autumn.

Decoded sentence: it is a warm warm day.
Answer sentence: it is a warm day.

Decoded sentence: it is cold day.
Answer sentence: it is a cold day.

Decoded sentence: humans running.
Answer sentence: humans running

Decoded sentence: humans gathered.
Answer sentence: humans gathered

Decoded sentence: humans are outdoors.
Answer sentence: humans are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: he is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: he is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: he is outdoors.
Answer sentence: he is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a funny human playing.
Answer sentence: funny humans playing

Decoded sentence: four men are outside.
Answer sentence: four men are outside.

Decoded sentence: the group is standing up.
Answer sentence: everyone is standing up.

Decoded sentence: the dog is racing.
Answer sentence: dogs are racing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing outside.
Answer sentence: dogs are playing outside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing.
Answer sentence: dogs are playing

Decoded sentence: children play in the mud.
Answer sentence: children play in the mud.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing.
Answer sentence: children are playing

Decoded sentence: children are sitting outside.
Answer sentence: children are outside

Decoded sentence: a cat is napping.
Answer sentence: cats are napping.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing.
Answer sentence: boys are playing.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing soccer.
Answer sentence: boys are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: an old man rides a bike.
Answer sentence: an old man is riding a bike.

Decoded sentence: an artist is painting.
Answer sentence: an artist is painting.

Decoded sentence: the animal is jumping.
Answer sentence: an animal jumping.

Decoded sentence: animals outside.
Answer sentence: an animal is outside

Decoded sentence: the young man is outside.
Answer sentence: a young man is outside.

Decoded sentence: the young man is flying a plane.
Answer sentence: a young man is flying a plane

Decoded sentence: a young girl is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a young girl is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a young girl is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is playing.
Answer sentence: a young boy is playing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a women is outside.

Decoded sentence: woman walking to work.
Answer sentence: a woman walking to work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking outside.
Answer sentence: a woman walking outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a chair.

Decoded sentence: a woman is preparing food.
Answer sentence: a woman prepares food.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing the flute.
Answer sentence: a woman plays the flute.

Decoded sentence: a woman outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is working out.
Answer sentence: a woman is working out.

Decoded sentence: the woman is window shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman is window shopping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing red.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing pink.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing pink.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a red shirt.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing an a red outfit.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a red outfit.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a black dress.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a black dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a bathing suit.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a bathing suit.

Decoded sentence: the woman is watching tv.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the woman is walking in the rain.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking in the rain.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking to her husband.
Answer sentence: a woman is talking to her husband.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman is sweeping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping in her bed.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleeping in her bed.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping in her bed.
Answer sentence: a woman is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: the woman is skiing.
Answer sentence: a woman is skiing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a woman is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the woman is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on the ground.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on her couch.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting down in her kitchen to the is wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting down knitting in her kitchen

Decoded sentence: a woman is shoveling snow.
Answer sentence: a woman is shoveling snow.

Decoded sentence: a woman running a marathon.
Answer sentence: a woman is running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a woman poses for her photo.
Answer sentence: a woman is posing for a photo.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing with the dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing with her dog.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing volleyball.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing volleyball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing pool.
Answer sentence: a woman is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: the woman is performing for a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman is performing for a crowd.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on her phone.
Answer sentence: a woman is on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on a man.
Answer sentence: a woman is on a treadmil.

Decoded sentence: the woman is on a boat.
Answer sentence: a woman is on a boat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is is are the.
Answer sentence: a woman is mopping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is laying down.
Answer sentence: a woman is laying down.

Decoded sentence: a woman is jumping rope.
Answer sentence: a woman is jumping rope.

Decoded sentence: a woman is jumping on a trampoline.
Answer sentence: a woman is jumping on a trampoline.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a sign.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a sign.

Decoded sentence: the woman is grocery shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman is grocery shopping.

Decoded sentence: the woman is going to work.
Answer sentence: a woman is going to work.

Decoded sentence: the woman is fishing in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman is fishing.

Decoded sentence: a woman eats soup.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating soup.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating lunch.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating lunch.

Decoded sentence: the woman is eating dinner.
Answer sentence: a woman is eating dinner

Decoded sentence: the woman is doing laundry.
Answer sentence: a woman is doing laundry.

Decoded sentence: the woman is doing the dishes.
Answer sentence: a woman is doing dishes.

Decoded sentence: a woman is dancing at a club.
Answer sentence: a woman is dancing at a club.

Decoded sentence: a woman is crossing the street.
Answer sentence: a woman is crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman is cooking in her kitchen.
Answer sentence: a woman is cooking in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: the woman is the.
Answer sentence: a woman is choking.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at the market.
Answer sentence: a woman is at a market.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at a concert.
Answer sentence: a woman is at a concert.

Decoded sentence: the woman is alone in the middle of the ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman is alone.

Decoded sentence: the woman is alone in the middle of the ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman is alone

Decoded sentence: a woman in a dress.
Answer sentence: a woman in a dress.

Decoded sentence: a woman a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman gardening.

Decoded sentence: the woman is driving a car.
Answer sentence: a woman driving a car.

Decoded sentence: a woman dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman dancing.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman dances.

Decoded sentence: a woman drinks.
Answer sentence: a woman cooks.

Decoded sentence: a tall person standing.
Answer sentence: a tall person standing.

Decoded sentence: a tall person in a dress.
Answer sentence: a tall person in a dress

Decoded sentence: a tall human.
Answer sentence: a tall human.

Decoded sentence: a tall human watching.
Answer sentence: a tall human watching

Decoded sentence: a tall human reading.
Answer sentence: a tall human reading

Decoded sentence: a tall human jumping.
Answer sentence: a tall human jumping.

Decoded sentence: a tall human in a shirt.
Answer sentence: a tall human in a shirt

Decoded sentence: a tall human singing.
Answer sentence: a tall human holding

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder is performing tricks.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder performs a trick.

Decoded sentence: a puppy is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a puppy is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the puppy is playing fetch.
Answer sentence: a puppy is playing fetch.

Decoded sentence: the girl band is dancing in the the are a are.
Answer sentence: a pop girl band is dancing in sync.

Decoded sentence: the picture is taken.
Answer sentence: a picture is being taken.

Decoded sentence: a person working.
Answer sentence: a person working.

Decoded sentence: a person working.
Answer sentence: a person working

Decoded sentence: a person with hair.
Answer sentence: a person with hair

Decoded sentence: a person walking.
Answer sentence: a person walking

Decoded sentence: a person in a a person.
Answer sentence: a person surfing.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping.
Answer sentence: a person sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a person outside.
Answer sentence: a person sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: a person is looking.
Answer sentence: a person looking

Decoded sentence: a person is swimming in the water.
Answer sentence: a person is swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: a person is sleeping in a bed.
Answer sentence: a person is sleeping in bed.

Decoded sentence: a person is sleep.
Answer sentence: a person is sleep.

Decoded sentence: a person is sitting on a couch.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting.
Answer sentence: a person is sitting

Decoded sentence: a person is scuba diving.
Answer sentence: a person is scuba diving.

Decoded sentence: a person is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a person is reading a book.

Decoded sentence: a person is preparing food.
Answer sentence: a person is preparing food.

Decoded sentence: a person playing music.
Answer sentence: a person is playing music.

Decoded sentence: a person playing a game.
Answer sentence: a person is playing a game.

Decoded sentence: a person is jogging.
Answer sentence: a person is jogging.

Decoded sentence: a person is in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a person is in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a person is in a boat.
Answer sentence: a person is in a boat.

Decoded sentence: the person is wet.
Answer sentence: a person is getting wet.

Decoded sentence: a person is bowling.
Answer sentence: a person is bowling.

Decoded sentence: a person is at work.
Answer sentence: a person is at work.

Decoded sentence: a person in a dress.
Answer sentence: a person in a dress

Decoded sentence: some musicians are performing.
Answer sentence: a musician is performing.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: a man wears a hat.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a man walking down the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a man talks on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man talks on the phone.

Decoded sentence: a man taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a man takes a nap.

Decoded sentence: a man swimming.
Answer sentence: a man swimming.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing.
Answer sentence: a man stands.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man stands outside

Decoded sentence: a man smoking.
Answer sentence: a man smoking.

Decoded sentence: the man is outside in the snow.
Answer sentence: a man sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a man sits on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: a man sits on a chair.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting at the computer.
Answer sentence: a man sits at a computer.

Decoded sentence: a man is shoveling snow.
Answer sentence: a man shovels snow.

Decoded sentence: the man is naked.
Answer sentence: a man runs naked down the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a man riding his bike.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his skateboard.
Answer sentence: a man riding a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a man rides a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a man riding a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a unicycle.
Answer sentence: a man rides a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding a bull.
Answer sentence: a man rides a bull.

Decoded sentence: the man is reading a book.
Answer sentence: a man reading a book.

Decoded sentence: a man is pushing a cart.
Answer sentence: a man pushes a cart.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing a musical instrument.
Answer sentence: a man plays a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing tennis.
Answer sentence: a man playing tennis.

Decoded sentence: the man is performing for a crowd.
Answer sentence: a man performs for a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a man outside.
Answer sentence: a man outside

Decoded sentence: a man on a horse.
Answer sentence: a man on a horse.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking at the water.
Answer sentence: a man looks at the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking at the camera.
Answer sentence: a man looks at the camera.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping in the air.
Answer sentence: a man jumps in the air.

Decoded sentence: the man is working out.
Answer sentence: a man is working out.

Decoded sentence: a man is working on a roof.
Answer sentence: a man is working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: a man is working on a building.
Answer sentence: a man is working on a building.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing red.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a uniform.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a uniform.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a the the the group.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a striped shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a a the the the the group.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a mask.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a jacket.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a jacket

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a green shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is wearing a baseball cap.
Answer sentence: a man is wearing a baseball cap.

Decoded sentence: the man is water skiing.
Answer sentence: a man is water skiing.

Decoded sentence: the man is watching television.
Answer sentence: a man is watching television.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a man is walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the man is walking in the park.
Answer sentence: a man is walking in the park.

Decoded sentence: the man is waiting for a train.
Answer sentence: a man is waiting for a train.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking to his wife on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man is talking to his wife on the phone.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking to another woman.
Answer sentence: a man is talking to a woman.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking on the phone.
Answer sentence: a man is talking on his phone.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a photo.
Answer sentence: a man is taking a photo.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the water.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in the ocean

Decoded sentence: the man is swimming in the lake.
Answer sentence: a man is swimming in the lake.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing outside.
Answer sentence: a man is standing outside

Decoded sentence: a man is standing on a ladder.
Answer sentence: a man is standing on a ladder

Decoded sentence: the man is standing indoors.
Answer sentence: a man is standing indoors.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing alone.
Answer sentence: a man is standing alone.

Decoded sentence: the man is speaking.
Answer sentence: a man is speaking.

Decoded sentence: the man is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a man is sleeping in his bed

Decoded sentence: a man is skiing down a mountain.
Answer sentence: a man is skiing down the mountain.

Decoded sentence: the man is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a man is skateboarding

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting on a boat.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting on a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man is sitting in the street.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting in the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting at his desk.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting at his desk.

Decoded sentence: the man is alone in the bathroom.
Answer sentence: a man is sitting alone.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing on a stage.
Answer sentence: a man is singing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing into the microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing a song.
Answer sentence: a man is singing a song.

Decoded sentence: the man is singing.
Answer sentence: a man is singing

Decoded sentence: the man is a dog diving.
Answer sentence: a man is scuba diving.

Decoded sentence: a man is running down the street.
Answer sentence: a man is running down the street.

Decoded sentence: the man is rollerblading.
Answer sentence: a man is rollerblading.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding in a car.
Answer sentence: a man is riding in a car.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike outside.
Answer sentence: a man is riding his bike outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding his bike outside.
Answer sentence: a man is riding a bike outside.

Decoded sentence: the man is resting.
Answer sentence: a man is resting.

Decoded sentence: a man is are the leaves.
Answer sentence: a man is raking leaves.

Decoded sentence: a man is putting out a fire.
Answer sentence: a man is putting out a fire.

Decoded sentence: a man is pushing a cart.
Answer sentence: a man is pushing a cart.

Decoded sentence: the man is protesting.
Answer sentence: a man is protesting.

Decoded sentence: the man is praying.
Answer sentence: a man is praying.

Decoded sentence: the man is pointing.
Answer sentence: a man is pointing.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the piano

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a.
Answer sentence: a man is playing darts.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing cricket.
Answer sentence: a man is playing cricket.

Decoded sentence: a man plays the is guitar.
Answer sentence: a man is playing an electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the violin.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a violin.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a trumpet.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a trumpet.

Decoded sentence: a man plays the saxophone.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a saxophone.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing the piano.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a piano.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing a game.
Answer sentence: a man is playing a game.

Decoded sentence: a man is performing on stage.
Answer sentence: a man is performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: the man is performing for money.
Answer sentence: a man is performing for money.

Decoded sentence: the man is painting.
Answer sentence: a man is painting

Decoded sentence: the man is on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a man is on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the bus.
Answer sentence: a man is on a bus

Decoded sentence: the man is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a man is on a beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is not wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: a man is not wearing a shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man is making art.
Answer sentence: a man is making art.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking down.
Answer sentence: a man is looking down.

Decoded sentence: the man is looking at the camera.
Answer sentence: a man is looking at the camera.

Decoded sentence: the man is laughing.
Answer sentence: a man is laughing.

Decoded sentence: the man is jumping off a cliff.
Answer sentence: a man is jumping off a cliff.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a man is in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a bowling alley.
Answer sentence: a man is in a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a bike race.
Answer sentence: a man is in a bike race.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a band.
Answer sentence: a man is in a band.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding an object.
Answer sentence: a man is holding an object.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a tennis racket.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a tennis racket.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a stick.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a stick.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a knife.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a knife.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a cup.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a cup.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a man is holding a baby

Decoded sentence: a man is having a picture taken.
Answer sentence: a man is having his picture taken.

Decoded sentence: the man is having a conversation.
Answer sentence: a man is having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man gives a presentation.
Answer sentence: a man is giving a presentation.

Decoded sentence: the man is getting dressed.
Answer sentence: a man is getting dressed.

Decoded sentence: the man is flying a kite.
Answer sentence: a man is flying a kite.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating pizza.
Answer sentence: a man is eating pizza.

Decoded sentence: the man is eating food.
Answer sentence: a man is eating food.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking for his family.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking for his family.

Decoded sentence: the man is cooking.
Answer sentence: a man is cooking

Decoded sentence: the man is climbing.
Answer sentence: a man is climbing

Decoded sentence: a man is cleaning a window.
Answer sentence: a man is cleaning windows.

Decoded sentence: the man is by the water.
Answer sentence: a man is by the water.

Decoded sentence: the man is people over.
Answer sentence: a man is bending over.

Decoded sentence: the man is angry.
Answer sentence: a man is angry.

Decoded sentence: a man in a dress.
Answer sentence: a man in a dress.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding his son.
Answer sentence: a man holds his son.

Decoded sentence: the man is going for a walk.
Answer sentence: a man goes for a walk.

Decoded sentence: a man fishing.
Answer sentence: a man fishing.

Decoded sentence: a man is eating food.
Answer sentence: a man eats food.

Decoded sentence: a man cooking.
Answer sentence: a man cooks.

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing a mountain.
Answer sentence: a man climbs a mountain.

Decoded sentence: a man at the beach.
Answer sentence: a man at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are on a date.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are on a date.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are sleeping together.
Answer sentence: a man and a woman are together.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outside.
Answer sentence: a man and a woman are outside.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a man and a woman are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the male is outside.
Answer sentence: a male is outside.

Decoded sentence: the machine is nearby.
Answer sentence: a machine is nearby.

Decoded sentence: the kids are watching tv.
Answer sentence: a kid is watching tv.

Decoded sentence: the kids are sleeping.
Answer sentence: a kid is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the kids are jumping.
Answer sentence: a kid is jumping.

Decoded sentence: a human skiing.
Answer sentence: a human skiing

Decoded sentence: a human running.
Answer sentence: a human running.

Decoded sentence: a human reading.
Answer sentence: a human reading

Decoded sentence: a human on a bike.
Answer sentence: a human on a bike.

Decoded sentence: a human lying.
Answer sentence: a human lying

Decoded sentence: the horse eats grass.
Answer sentence: a horse is eating grass.

Decoded sentence: a hockey game is being played.
Answer sentence: a hockey game is being played.

Decoded sentence: the guy is skateboarding.
Answer sentence: a guy is skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: the guys are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a guy is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a group of women are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of women are outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people walking.
Answer sentence: a group of people walking.

Decoded sentence: a group of people outdoors.
Answer sentence: a group of people outdoors

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people is outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are watching tv.
Answer sentence: a group of people are watching tv.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are standing.
Answer sentence: a group of people are standing together.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are eating together.
Answer sentence: a group of people are sitting together.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are outside.
Answer sentence: a group of people are sitting outside.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: a group of people are sitting at a table.

Decoded sentence: a group of people singing.
Answer sentence: a group of people are singing.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are running a marathon.
Answer sentence: a group of people are running a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are riding a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a group of people are riding bicycles.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are playing music.
Answer sentence: a group of people are playing music.

Decoded sentence: a group of people play instruments.
Answer sentence: a group of people are playing instruments.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are playing football.
Answer sentence: a group of people are playing football.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a group of people are playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: a group of humans are outdoors.
Answer sentence: a group of humans are outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a group of dogs are playing cards at the table.
Answer sentence: a group of dogs are playing cards at a table.

Decoded sentence: the girl is riding a bike.
Answer sentence: a girl rides a bike.

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping on a trampoline.
Answer sentence: a girl jumps on a trampoline.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: a girl is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the girl is wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: a girl is wearing a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: the girl is walking.
Answer sentence: a girl is walking

Decoded sentence: the girl is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a girl is taking a picture.

Decoded sentence: the girl is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a girl is taking a nap.

Decoded sentence: the girl is swimming in the pool.
Answer sentence: a girl is swimming in the pool.

Decoded sentence: a girl is sitting in her chair.
Answer sentence: a girl is sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing with a toy.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing with a toy.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing a sport.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing a sport.

Decoded sentence: the girl is playing a game.
Answer sentence: a girl is playing a game.

Decoded sentence: the girl is picking flowers.
Answer sentence: a girl is picking flowers.

Decoded sentence: the girl is on the beach.
Answer sentence: a girl is on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the girl is indoors.
Answer sentence: a girl is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the girl is in the pool.
Answer sentence: a girl is in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the girl is at school.
Answer sentence: a girl is at school.

Decoded sentence: the girl is doing tricks on his bike.
Answer sentence: a girl does tricks on a bike.

Decoded sentence: the girl is dancing in a a group.
Answer sentence: a girl dances in a tutu.

Decoded sentence: the game is being played.
Answer sentence: a game is being played.

Decoded sentence: a dog swims in the ocean.
Answer sentence: a dog swims in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: a dog sleeps on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running through a field.
Answer sentence: a dog runs through a field.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running.
Answer sentence: a dog running

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog plays with a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing in the water.
Answer sentence: a dog plays in the water.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming in a pool.
Answer sentence: a dog is swimming in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the dog is swimming.
Answer sentence: a dog is swimming

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping inside.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping inside.

Decoded sentence: the dog is sleeping in his bed.
Answer sentence: a dog is sleeping in his bed.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running through the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog is running through the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing with the cat.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing with a cat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is playing on the beach.
Answer sentence: a dog is playing on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the dog is outside playing.
Answer sentence: a dog is outside playing.

Decoded sentence: the dog is a the the the the the the boy.
Answer sentence: a dog is leaping.

Decoded sentence: the dog is laying on the ground.
Answer sentence: a dog is laying on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the dog is laying on the couch.
Answer sentence: a dog is laying on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the dog is indoors.
Answer sentence: a dog is indoors.

Decoded sentence: the dog is in the air.
Answer sentence: a dog is in the air.

Decoded sentence: the dog is getting a bath.
Answer sentence: a dog is getting a bath.

Decoded sentence: the dog is catching a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog is catching a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is the was.
Answer sentence: a dog is barking.

Decoded sentence: the dog is having a stick.
Answer sentence: a dog has a stick.

Decoded sentence: the dog has a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog has a ball.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a cat.
Answer sentence: a dog chases a cat.

Decoded sentence: the dog is chasing a ball.
Answer sentence: a dog chases a ball.

Decoded sentence: the cup is filled with coffee.
Answer sentence: a cup is filled with coffee.

Decoded sentence: the crowd is a people.
Answer sentence: a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: the couple is walking.
Answer sentence: a couple is walking.

Decoded sentence: the couple is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a couple is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the couple is outdoors.
Answer sentence: a couple is outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a child sleeping.
Answer sentence: a child sleeping.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing with a ball.
Answer sentence: a child plays with a ball.

Decoded sentence: the child is jumping.
Answer sentence: a child jumps.

Decoded sentence: the child is standing.
Answer sentence: a child is standing.

Decoded sentence: the child is sleeping.
Answer sentence: a child is sleeping

Decoded sentence: the child is sitting on the couch.
Answer sentence: a child is sitting on a couch.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing in the water.
Answer sentence: a child is playing in water.

Decoded sentence: the children are playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a child is playing baseball.

Decoded sentence: a child is outside playing.
Answer sentence: a child is outside playing.

Decoded sentence: the child is building a sand castle.
Answer sentence: a child is building a sand castle.

Decoded sentence: the cat is swimming.
Answer sentence: a cat is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a cat sleeps.
Answer sentence: a cat is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a cat is running.
Answer sentence: a cat is running.

Decoded sentence: a cat is playing with a toy.
Answer sentence: a cat is playing with a toy.

Decoded sentence: a cat catches a mouse.
Answer sentence: a cat catches a mouse.

Decoded sentence: the car is driving down the road.
Answer sentence: a car is driving down the road.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is outside.
Answer sentence: a brown dog is outside.

Decoded sentence: the boy is riding his bike.
Answer sentence: a boy rides his bike.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing baseball.
Answer sentence: a boy plays baseball.

Decoded sentence: a boy on the beach.
Answer sentence: a boy on a beach.

Decoded sentence: the boy is getting wet.
Answer sentence: a boy is wet.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing clothes.
Answer sentence: a boy is wearing clothes.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a red shirt.
Answer sentence: a boy is wearing a red shirt.

bleu score 0.6492134877181533
