Decoded sentence: a dog in a field.
Answer sentence: a dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: a car of men all all with all are moving away from the museum to see the all in the museum.
Answer sentence: when cars are all self driving, or we move away from commuting too much as we do, these will be seen only in museums.

Decoded sentence: there is a building in the background.
Answer sentence: there are buildings in the background.

Decoded sentence: a clear sky.
Answer sentence: the sky appears clear.

Decoded sentence: a woman looks like they are all their one is being has each other.
Answer sentence: the ponies look like they love each other.

Decoded sentence: photo is being something in white and black is green in the background.
Answer sentence: the photo has been edited to be black and white with splashes of color on the bikes.

Decoded sentence: a black cup sitting on black is wearing a top and is wearing a top.
Answer sentence: the black cup sitting on the black saucer resembles a top hat.

Decoded sentence: snow is blue clothing and making on it 's that appears to be it being to be fallen.
Answer sentence: snow is dusted on the young boy 's clothing making it appear that he has fallen several times.

Decoded sentence: a horse is some nose to the horse in the field.
Answer sentence: one horse presses its nose to another horse in a field

Decoded sentence: the animal is jumping out of the vehicle and is all in an to all are all in an to all are.
Answer sentence: if the animal jumps out of the vehicle, or the truck is in an accident, the animal could be injured.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a band performs on stage.
Answer sentence: a band is performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a dog in the snow.
Answer sentence: a dog in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a black dog runs through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog runs through the water.

Decoded sentence: two men are having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two men are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man playing the drums.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the drums.

Decoded sentence: a black dog running through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog running through water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: two dogs play together.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing in the water.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a street.

Decoded sentence: two men playing hockey on ice.
Answer sentence: two men playing hockey on the ice.

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: two basketball players on each other at the net.
Answer sentence: two basketball players oppose each other at the net.

Decoded sentence: young boys are playing on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays on a swing.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing headphones walks down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing headphones walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: woman holding a child.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: a surfer riding a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer is riding a wave.

Decoded sentence: a surfer in a black wetsuit is riding a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.

Decoded sentence: a rock climber is being walk.
Answer sentence: a rock climber ascends.

Decoded sentence: a person skiing down a snowy hill.
Answer sentence: a person skis down a snowy hill.

Decoded sentence: person on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a person on a bmx bike.

Decoded sentence: a person is rock climbing.
Answer sentence: a person is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a musical instrument.
Answer sentence: a man playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man gives a speech.
Answer sentence: a man is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: a group of people playing a board game.
Answer sentence: a group of people playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: a group of people eating at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a group of people eating at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
Answer sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs through the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog runs through the grass.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs in the field.
Answer sentence: a dog runs in a field.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog in a field.
Answer sentence: a brown dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: the basketball player is taking a shot.
Answer sentence: a basketball player takes a shot.

Decoded sentence: young adults posing for a photo at night while outside.
Answer sentence: young adults posing for a photo at night, somewhat chilly outside.

Decoded sentence: woman in a black shirt standing with a bottle in the water with a hand and a hand in front.
Answer sentence: women in a black shirt standing with a bottle of water in hand in front of wall with greek writing on it.

Decoded sentence: three women in helmets stand to the front of a stone wall and showing their hands in their.
Answer sentence: woman in helmet showing three small children something in her hands, standing in front of a stone wall.

Decoded sentence: two young women are both looking at their cellphones.
Answer sentence: two young women are both looking at their cellphones

Decoded sentence: two young girls are flying very a while flying.
Answer sentence: two young girls fly a kite.

Decoded sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a above a her gas station.
Answer sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station

Decoded sentence: two women working on a an children machine.
Answer sentence: two women working on a yarn machine.

Decoded sentence: two women next to a stage of people playing instruments.
Answer sentence: two women next to a stage of people playing instruments

Decoded sentence: two women sitting by a cart of a two are sitting in front of a man and a child sitting.
Answer sentence: two women and a child are sitting by a cart of arrows in front of a booth at a medieval fayre.

Decoded sentence: two muddy men and very muddy.
Answer sentence: two very muddy men drilling for oil

Decoded sentence: two teenage females are posing near a body of water.
Answer sentence: two teenage females are posing near a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two teams are playing player on the court outside a court.
Answer sentence: two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside.

Decoded sentence: two surfer ride the waves in the open water.
Answer sentence: two surfers are riding waves in open water.

Decoded sentence: two police ride on the same bike.
Answer sentence: two police ride on the same bike.

Decoded sentence: two people with dogs sitting in front of the ocean.
Answer sentence: two people with a dog sitting in front of the ocean

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two older men and a older woman conversing at a group of a young two girls in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: two older men, one middle-aged women, and an older women conversing at diner table in the interior of a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two older men are discussing something on the street with graffiti in the background.
Answer sentence: two older men are discussing something on a street corner with graffiti in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men in black.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black in a city

Decoded sentence: two men stand in the snow while one looks at the camera while others are reading the paper.
Answer sentence: two men standing in the snow, one looking at the camera, the other reading a paper by a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.
Answer sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.

Decoded sentence: two men outside with one working in a pole while one hand is in the one.
Answer sentence: two men outside one working with a pole in hand.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety buckets on the roof while others in the roof and the other is fixing.
Answer sentence: two men one in a safety bucket and the other on the roof are fixing a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in a.
Answer sentence: two men in hi-viz jackets are talking to a man in suit next to the penzance welcome sign that is carved into a rock.

Decoded sentence: two men in a something vest and a woman on a bike are seen while in front of a small building.
Answer sentence: two men in florescent vests are standing next to parked cars in front of a small building while one of them converses with a driver and a woman on a bike is seen riding by

Decoded sentence: two men in a wooden boat and one is a wearing yellow are traveling on a playing with water.
Answer sentence: two men in a wooden boat, one wearing yellow and one wearing black, traveling on a smooth body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road wearing.
Answer sentence: two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road

Decoded sentence: two men are cleaning the outside windows of a that is cleaning.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht

Decoded sentence: two guys sitting on the floor of a guy reading a piece of green jackets and reading a piece.
Answer sentence: two guys sitting on the floor, with the guy in the green jacket reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two guys playing soccer and are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: two guys play soccer and look exhausted

Decoded sentence: two guys in street cloth doing some of art.
Answer sentence: two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing sweatshirt and jeans try to put up a tent.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent

Decoded sentence: two girls and one of the girls are picking up something on the ground while one looks on.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing gray sweat jackets picking on the side of a busy road, one of the girls is picking up something off the ground while the other looks on.

Decoded sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by a large horse.
Answer sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by large horses.

Decoded sentence: two females are embracing each other.
Answer sentence: two females are embracing each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are wrestling with each other while playing in a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other

Decoded sentence: two dogs have open and one with long brown and its tongue and the dog has long and the.
Answer sentence: two dogs, one with long brown fur, both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing, one dogs tongue is hanging out.

Decoded sentence: two dancers are together with something in the background.
Answer sentence: two dancers dance together.

Decoded sentence: two children and a dog are watching a blue and microphone are watching.
Answer sentence: two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone.

Decoded sentence: two children stand next to each other in front of a wall that has a photograph on it.
Answer sentence: two children are standing next to each other in front of a wall that has photographs on it.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing a game at a fair.
Answer sentence: two children are playing a game at the fair

Decoded sentence: a toddler in a swing at a park with a yellow and yellow cup.
Answer sentence: toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.

Decoded sentence: a clown is about to make a child to make a.
Answer sentence: tiger woods about to make a putt

Decoded sentence: three people wearing masks sitting down.
Answer sentence: three people wearing mask sitting down

Decoded sentence: three people are being down out of the sun.
Answer sentence: three people staying out of the sun

Decoded sentence: three pair of people are hanging from a line under a red slide.
Answer sentence: three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter.

Decoded sentence: three men stand at a desk and two men are filled out papers and two men in red shirts and.
Answer sentence: three men standing at a desk, the two in long-sleeve shirts are filling out papers while the man in the red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: three males and one female are coming off a chain to their gear and another female watches.
Answer sentence: three males and a female watch as a biker fixes a chain that has come off his gear on his bike.

Decoded sentence: three bikers stop in the town.
Answer sentence: three bikers stop in town.

Decoded sentence: three african women in traditional orange costumes gather in front of a yellow curtain.
Answer sentence: three african women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain.

Decoded sentence: this is a woman putting her others on.
Answer sentence: this is a woman putting her socks on.

Decoded sentence: young child petting a.
Answer sentence: the young children are petting a piglet

Decoded sentence: two boys are playing guitar.
Answer sentence: the two boys playing guitar

Decoded sentence: a dog jumps on to a couch.
Answer sentence: the dog is jumping on to the couch

Decoded sentence: a small blond-haired child trying to clean a window.
Answer sentence: small long-haired child trying to clean a window.

Decoded sentence: a small group of of which in white suits hanging out by the back van with a parking lot.
Answer sentence: small group of 5 white males in white suits hanging out by the back of a van in a parking lot talking.

Decoded sentence: a sleeping baby and boy on a couch.
Answer sentence: sleeping white baby boy on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder is his wheelie near the water.
Answer sentence: skateboarder `` popping a wheelie '' near the water.

Decoded sentence: workers stand in a people behind a street where a street sign looks.
Answer sentence: several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign

Decoded sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.
Answer sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.

Decoded sentence: the large woman in the blue shirt is leaning against the van in front of a store and other.
Answer sentence: s large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store calle d `` terrible 's ''

Decoded sentence: rugby player in number uniform jumps for ball as his their opponent in the green his and.
Answer sentence: rugby player in white number 25 uniform jumps to catch ball as opponent in green number 29 tries to stop him.

Decoded sentence: a professional motorcycle racers turn the corner.
Answer sentence: professional motorcycle racer turning a corner

Decoded sentence: people enjoying the sunny day at the beach.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a sunny day at the beach

Decoded sentence: people at the beach looking for things in the sand.
Answer sentence: people at beach looking for things in sand

Decoded sentence: people playing a carnival game.
Answer sentence: people are playing a carnival game.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing a black jersey holding behind another basketball while another trying to.
Answer sentence: one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball

Decoded sentence: an old man pushing a cart in the street.
Answer sentence: old man pushing a cart in street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a family jacket watching a family at the white.
Answer sentence: man wearing gray jacket watching family at worship.

Decoded sentence: a man and his woman wall with fire in their hands.
Answer sentence: man scaling wall with fire in hand

Decoded sentence: a man operating a blue on a blue.
Answer sentence: man operating a blue forklift

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on a bench holding a leash of another dog while laying on a bench.
Answer sentence: man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground

Decoded sentence: a man jogging on the road in front of an big building.
Answer sentence: man jogging on a road, in front of a big unfinished building.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt climbing a rock cliff.
Answer sentence: man in red shirt climbing rock cliff

Decoded sentence: a man in orange shorts is building a sand and a sand castle which is being has.
Answer sentence: man in orange shorts builds a sand castle, combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him.

Decoded sentence: a man in a boat looking at his.
Answer sentence: man in a boat looking at a disaster.

Decoded sentence: a male in a gray sweater is playing an red while next to a red curtain.
Answer sentence: male in gray sweater plays darts next to a red curtain.

Decoded sentence: a little girl standing with a red and the street in.
Answer sentence: little girl standing with her cycle in the street.

Decoded sentence: the hand is on the little boy and a girl.
Answer sentence: little boy looking through a telescope on playground equipment with the sun glaring off the pole his hand is on.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen.
Answer sentence: little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen

Decoded sentence: a large man in a black shirt next to a police officer walking away from a police shirt.
Answer sentence: large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a playground on a woman who is a tire.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires

Decoded sentence: a kid plays in a blue and blue its dog full of water.
Answer sentence: kids play in a blue tub full of water outside

Decoded sentence: a kid riding a swing ride a swing.
Answer sentence: kids are riding a swinging carnival ride

Decoded sentence: the is looking his glasses while looking up to his glasses and he makes a glass of his.
Answer sentence: it looks to be a glass maker heating up some glass to make something while visitors in the background watch him

Decoded sentence: a indian lady dancing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: indian ladies dancing in front of crowd

Decoded sentence: a guy being suit in the back of a train.
Answer sentence: guy instructing people in back of train.

Decoded sentence: a group of girls have fun.
Answer sentence: group of girls having fun together.

Decoded sentence: four looking people walking down the street with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: five young girls wearing a headband sitting on a park bench.
Answer sentence: five young girls wearing headbands sitting on park bench

Decoded sentence: the family is sitting on the beach with a blue woman.
Answer sentence: family sits on beach with a blue cooler.

Decoded sentence: a dog jumping for a frisbee.
Answer sentence: dog jumping for frisbee

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people walking in the street.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walking in the street

Decoded sentence: the cowboy is riding a horse as the parade in the parade as onlookers watch from the curb.
Answer sentence: cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb.

Decoded sentence: a baseball player playing with a kid with an adult on the field.
Answer sentence: baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field.

Decoded sentence: a bald man in an lab looking like a lady with a clear lady is at the of a group of men.
Answer sentence: bald man in what looks like to be a lab with a lady watching as he is mixing some liquids in clear cup containers

Decoded sentence: a baby boy stands while he is on the feet and he is trying to get his feet up with his.
Answer sentence: baby boy giggles while he tries to get up on his feet supported by a couch in a living room filled with toys.

Decoded sentence: someone upside down doing a flip on a holding a with some of them.
Answer sentence: an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board

Decoded sentence: an old lady walks down the street.
Answer sentence: an old lady walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: an old lady sits at an two green table whilst a group is sitting and a child is sitting.
Answer sentence: an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an african person.

Decoded sentence: they are holding hands as he is seated and he is holding a wire.
Answer sentence: an african man and woman, they are holding hands, and he is holding a wire connected to a device.

Decoded sentence: the adults with the red boots are walking down the street next to a an has a wearing her.
Answer sentence: adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.

Decoded sentence: young woman giving a ride on her shoulder and a baby.
Answer sentence: a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a red ball man carrying a small red box.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a red pokemon shirt carrying a small red box

Decoded sentence: young man walks through a puddle outside with three boys and one bike is parked in the.
Answer sentence: a young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a blue life jacket floating in a lake.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake.

Decoded sentence: young child with a white shirt on head is sitting and eating at a small table with a little.
Answer sentence: a young child with a band-aid on his head sits eating at a small white table with a little girl eating off a yellow plate.

Decoded sentence: young child in a purple shirt hanging down on a swing on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a sitting and white shirt with her head and is wearing a three head.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down

Decoded sentence: young boy sliding on grass in an as a young boy is sliding on.
Answer sentence: a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube

Decoded sentence: young boy skateboarder jumping on platform on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: young boys pose inside a tractor and shovel.
Answer sentence: a young boy is posing inside a tractor shovel.

Decoded sentence: young boys are bowling at a bowling alley.
Answer sentence: a young boy is bowling at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl with his.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands

Decoded sentence: workers trying to move a large tree into the tree to the tree wearing orange hard shirts.
Answer sentence: a worker is trying to move a large tree limb into the tree shredder wearing an orange hard hat and a orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: a wood dirt with a man working on his equipment.
Answer sentence: a wood workshop with a man working on equipment

Decoded sentence: woman with dark hair bending to be bending and head while bending head 's back of dark.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair in bending, open mouthed, towards the back of a dark headed toddler 's head.

Decoded sentence: woman with big blue has a woman holding up a snow piece of a huge piece of cake.
Answer sentence: a woman with big earrings, holding up her prize ticket, with a huge piece of chocolate cake in front of her

Decoded sentence: woman with a red jacket and another is looking out through a scenic view of the park setting.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red jacket and headscarf looks out over a scenic view of a bay through a set of pay binoculars on a viewing deck.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing sunglasses and sitting inside of a building with people.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses sits inside of a building with several other people looking outside.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing heavy makeup and pink jacket is walking past a shop at night.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a purple dress with a pink backpack and sunglasses fixing her hair.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a fancy dress and something on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach

Decoded sentence: woman walking in front of an outdoor mural of an outdoor mural to another man and a bald.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.

Decoded sentence: woman running in a race while onlookers are cheering her.
Answer sentence: a woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on

Decoded sentence: woman walking beside subway.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking beside a subway.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on bench with a `` lap lap '' in the side and the brown one dog is to the.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench with a latte in her lap and a white dog on a blue leash to her side.

Decoded sentence: woman shows two children to something.
Answer sentence: a woman is showing two children something.

Decoded sentence: woman holding a piece of wood and a man who is to.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a piece of wood while a man is drilling it.

Decoded sentence: woman in black with a black and a dance.
Answer sentence: a woman in black dances with someone.

Decoded sentence: the woman wearing a red life jacket is waiting to pull up the line in the water.
Answer sentence: a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water.

Decoded sentence: a toddler takes a first pose for some of video game.
Answer sentence: a toddler takes his first glimpse of the wonders of video games.

Decoded sentence: a taxi cab with his all with his around on top of it.
Answer sentence: a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it

Decoded sentence: street performers holding two people in front of a crowd of young boys ride and high in.
Answer sentence: a street performer rides a high unicycle in front of a young boy while holding two pins in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a.
Answer sentence: a sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around.

Decoded sentence: a small black and brown dog lying down in a his is a another.
Answer sentence: a small brown and black dog lying down in a furry rug.

Decoded sentence: a man sleeping in a city area.
Answer sentence: a sleeping man in a city area.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinding a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds the rail.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinding a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless man is leaning over a balcony look into a balcony.
Answer sentence: a shirtless man leans over a balcony looking platform.

Decoded sentence: a rock climber wearing a very people, orange and bright orange hard hat is climbing a steep.
Answer sentence: a rock climber, climbing an extremely steep rust-colored rock wall, and he is wearing a bright orange hard hat with a light attached to it in the front, sunglasses, and jeans.

Decoded sentence: the number is being some dirt from the dirt jump.
Answer sentence: a quad launches from a dirt jump.

Decoded sentence: the woman is getting her makeup and is getting makeup on a wedding day.
Answer sentence: a proud wife to be gets her makeup done on her wedding day.

Decoded sentence: a older woman holds a happy while holding a happy and his mouth open with his mouth open.
Answer sentence: a proud older woman holds a very happy baby with his mouth wide open and both are smiling at each other.

Decoded sentence: a person standing on a sidewalk next to a window and wearing warm clothes.
Answer sentence: a person standing on the sidewalk, next to a window, wearing warm clothes

Decoded sentence: person in pink pants playing guitar.
Answer sentence: a person in pink pants playing a guitar

Decoded sentence: a person dancing and doing a dance move of the ground to his hand and a woman body.
Answer sentence: a person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand

Decoded sentence: a female man wearing an two hair and a is taking a beautiful stand and is taking a nap.
Answer sentence: a newborn baby boy wearing a beautiful elephant print onesie, is taking a nap on his side.

Decoded sentence: a motorcyclist wearing an orange and white uniform is racing out of two holding up to jump.
Answer sentence: a motorcyclist wearing an orange and white uniform jumping off of his motorcycle after losing control, with two other motorcyclists racing up from behind.

Decoded sentence: a motorcycle is parked next to a road with four people surrounding it.
Answer sentence: a motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it.

Decoded sentence: the mom is pushing a little girl on a swing.
Answer sentence: a mom pushes her little girl on the swing.

Decoded sentence: a man with two blond children looking at a house over a rail in the autumn.
Answer sentence: a man with two blond children looking at a house over a rail in autumn.

Decoded sentence: a man with a on a white and red shirt, and blue shirt, and blue shorts with his knee stands.
Answer sentence: a man with medium length hair, wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt, on one knee at the beach, sculpting a sand castle with a trough.

Decoded sentence: a man with long hair pulled into a another while pulling a man and a woman in a pot standing.
Answer sentence: a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water.

Decoded sentence: a man with a green something writing on his arm.
Answer sentence: a man with green marker written on his arm

Decoded sentence: a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on a desert with his sand and the while.
Answer sentence: a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds.

Decoded sentence: a green and green man and his camera are sitting at a curb are sitting at a curb.
Answer sentence: a man wit a green collared shirt and a camera sits at a curb.

Decoded sentence: a woman carrying a woman and a beach bag walking down a wood path toward the water.
Answer sentence: a man wearing sandal, walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing black is wearing black riding.
Answer sentence: a man wearing black rides a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a on a smiling look on.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two bed while a boy in the background.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage wall.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall.

Decoded sentence: a man stands and wearing a red clown nose and is standing while holding a man on a grocery.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a red clown nose stand talking to a man holding groceries on a busy city street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a dark blue shirt, cowboy hat up and blue is a dark her his shirt, is wearing.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a dark blue button up shirt, cowboy hat, and chaps rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt is taking pictures of a bridge while standing on a railroad.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on the railroad is taking picture of the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black jacket and a hat holds an open book in front of a of a `` is ''.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a black jacket stands, holding an open book in front of a chalkboard and globe.

Decoded sentence: a man walks across a practice.
Answer sentence: a man walks across the tightrope.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking down an alleyway.
Answer sentence: a man walking down an alleyway

Decoded sentence: a man in a lake on a lake.
Answer sentence: a man wakeboards on a lake.

Decoded sentence: a man taking a pizza out of the other.
Answer sentence: a man taking a pizza out of an oven

Decoded sentence: a man stands with a guitar and a music stand in an empty room.
Answer sentence: a man stands with a guitar and music stand in an empty room.

Decoded sentence: a man is his two with him behind him.
Answer sentence: a man squinting with two women behind him

Decoded sentence: a man putting on a and golf basket and basket his his child and his his his one.
Answer sentence: a man practicing his putting on a portable disc golf basket.

Decoded sentence: a man leaning against a vehicle parked next to a fire hydrant.
Answer sentence: a man leaning against a vehicle parked next to a fire hydrant.

Decoded sentence: a man is working on a jumping with a log that is making some of the talking.
Answer sentence: a man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds.

Decoded sentence: a man and others prepare as a man is preparing him for a parade.
Answer sentence: a man is being photographed by another man while others around him are preparing for a parade

Decoded sentence: a man is behind a cart that is being selling and various items are selling food items.
Answer sentence: a man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.

Decoded sentence: a man in white shorts and a black shirt is being jumping on the ocean.
Answer sentence: a man in white shorts and a black shirt is paragliding on the ocean

Decoded sentence: a man in black and black hug and woman.
Answer sentence: a man in black hugs a woman in black.

Decoded sentence: a man in black shorts and white shorts is jogging down a street.
Answer sentence: a man in black and a man in a red shirt and white shorts are jogging down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.
Answer sentence: a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart.
Answer sentence: a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart

Decoded sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field.
Answer sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field

Decoded sentence: a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue.
Answer sentence: a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt has her back towards a woman.
Answer sentence: a man in a black shirt has his back towards a woman.

Decoded sentence: a man doing tricks on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a man doing tricks on a bmx bike

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are coming to the water.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of japanese temple.

Decoded sentence: woman and child sitting on a couch and smiling.
Answer sentence: a man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling

Decoded sentence: a lone hikers on the dirt on a trail with a woman hiking and sunglasses on a tree with.
Answer sentence: a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a yellow hat sits in the grass with his eyes closed on his face and hand.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a yellow hat is sitting in the grass with her eyes closed and her hand up to her face.

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby

Decoded sentence: a little boy is playing at a outdoors.
Answer sentence: a little boy plays at the zoo.

Decoded sentence: a large tan and tan is walking along the rocky shore of a small stream.
Answer sentence: a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream.

Decoded sentence: a lady wearing all black with a walking in the middle of the other.
Answer sentence: a lady is wearing all black with a whistle in the middle of rollerskaters.

Decoded sentence: a kid with a red shirt playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a kid with a red shirt playing basketball

Decoded sentence: a kid wearing his walking on the back and is laying on the back.
Answer sentence: a kid wearing snowshoes and laying on his back on snow

Decoded sentence: a man holds a his what next to her above a her her guard guard.
Answer sentence: a jewish man holds a menorah next to armed guards

Decoded sentence: a guy shaving her facial hair in the.
Answer sentence: a guy shaving his facial hair in the restroom.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a white shirt sits between a table between a full of.
Answer sentence: a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase.

Decoded sentence: a guy enjoying the day playing a frisbee.
Answer sentence: a guy enjoying a day playing frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a group of young men are singing out.
Answer sentence: a group of young men sing out together.

Decoded sentence: a group of black women holding black umbrellas.
Answer sentence: a group of women holding black umbrellas.

Decoded sentence: a group of people under white party and a party.
Answer sentence: a group of people under a white party tent.

Decoded sentence: a group of people sitting on the ground on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting on the ground on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: a group of people sitting at a sporting event.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting at a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a group of children stand outside a building.
Answer sentence: a group of children are standing outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a group of asian teenagers sitting in what looks like a waiting room with blue and red.
Answer sentence: a group of asian teenagers sitting in what looks like a waiting room with blue and red chairs, show off their electronic mini cameras.

Decoded sentence: a girl stands in a train track.
Answer sentence: a girl stands in the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a red top is a ball and a boy who is a cricket in a yellow shirt that is holding.
Answer sentence: a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat.

Decoded sentence: the fountain is an group as two bikers sit in chairs and sitting in a chair while two are.
Answer sentence: a fountain sprays water as a biker sits in a chair talking on his cellphone, two others are present also talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a jacket, her head around his shoulder is sitting atop a tree that reading.
Answer sentence: a female wearing a shawl around her shoulders, sits upon a tree in a green meadow and reads.

Decoded sentence: a woman is being feeding her young daughter.
Answer sentence: a fat lady feeding her young daughter.

Decoded sentence: a dog with a black and white sitting up is a `` to the mirror is being to a mirror.
Answer sentence: a dog with black, white, and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror

Decoded sentence: a dog wearing a jacket is other toy.
Answer sentence: a dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.

Decoded sentence: a dry dog.
Answer sentence: a dog shakes dry.

Decoded sentence: a dog is wearing all he has two he has two of him.
Answer sentence: a dog chilling on a bench while he has two biker observing him

Decoded sentence: a crowd gathered around a lady with an outside performing an on.
Answer sentence: a crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing

Decoded sentence: a couple of people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach.
Answer sentence: a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach

Decoded sentence: a child sitting with a stuffed toy on a couch.
Answer sentence: a child sitting with a stuffed toy on a couch

Decoded sentence: the child and woman are reaching up into the air as a person wearing jeans and jeans and.
Answer sentence: a child reaches up into the air as a woman stands to his left and another person is seen wearing jeans to his right

Decoded sentence: a child is singing into a rock that is laying in a group and yellow on yellow and mouth.
Answer sentence: a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a child in a blue shirt is green slide from a slide onto the sand in front of palm trees.
Answer sentence: a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a child and girl wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: a child girl wearing coat

Decoded sentence: young adults and young adults are sitting and young adults and young adults.
Answer sentence: a child and a young adult the adult is maybe demonstrating how to do something to teach the young child

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is running down a paved pathway.
Answer sentence: a brown dog running down a paved pathway

Decoded sentence: a brown dog plays with a hose.
Answer sentence: a brown dog plays with the hose.

Decoded sentence: a brown and white dog jumping over a red and white pole poles.
Answer sentence: a brown and white dog jumping over a red, yellow and white pole

Decoded sentence: a brown and black dog running on the shore near a beach.
Answer sentence: a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy smiling underwater.
Answer sentence: a boy smiles underwater.

Decoded sentence: a boy runs through a puddle.
Answer sentence: a boy runs through the puddle.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a purple shirt playing a toy with a young boy in a blue shirt that is watching.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is playing with a toy ans another young boy in a blue shirt is watching him.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pushing a toy and small toy pool.
Answer sentence: a boy in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pushing a toy three wheeler around a small pool.

Decoded sentence: a boy enjoying the rain and jumping.
Answer sentence: a boy enjoys a rain shower.

Decoded sentence: a blond-haired man sitting next to a man with a hat and glasses and a with a with a man.
Answer sentence: a blond-haired man with glasses and a blank tank top is sitting next to another man with glasses and headphones while sitting on a train.

Decoded sentence: a blond female with a cigarette in his mouth and a beverage in his hand listening to music.
Answer sentence: a blond female, with a cigarette in her mouth and a beverage in her hand, is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a pink collar is across a grassy field following a brown and dog.
Answer sentence: a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a black dog in the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog splashes in the water.

Decoded sentence: a black dog and it is standing on the steps next to a river while it is dry.
Answer sentence: a black dog is standing on a step next to a river as it shakes itself dry.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in its mouth.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis ball in it.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis balls in it.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a beach with a blue and red boat with people on the shore.
Answer sentence: a beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore

Decoded sentence: a bald man with an.
Answer sentence: a bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning.

Decoded sentence: a bald man and woman at a shooting range wearing each other and are making some with headphones.
Answer sentence: a bald man monitors a woman at a shooting range, both wearing sound muffling headphones, as she prepares to fire a gun.

Decoded sentence: a bald man in a gray stick is holding a stick and the other brown dog is jumping to catch.
Answer sentence: a bald man in gray is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.

Decoded sentence: a baby smiles with her mom and smiling.
Answer sentence: a baby smiling while playing with her mom.

Decoded sentence: a african-american woman stands in a crowd.
Answer sentence: a african-american woman stands in the crowd.

Decoded sentence: a guy driving a tractor with people around him.
Answer sentence: a guy driving the tractor with some people around him

Decoded sentence: a younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard with a riding and dry.
Answer sentence: younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding john deere tractor mover.

Decoded sentence: young woman playing a while an looks their by the of the lacrosse.
Answer sentence: young women playing a intense game of lacrosse.

Decoded sentence: young woman standing and standing standing and standing together.
Answer sentence: young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.

Decoded sentence: young woman with headphones and is making a large bubble.
Answer sentence: young woman with headphones makes a large bubble.

Decoded sentence: young woman in white shirt and a football game in black is showing a football game in the.
Answer sentence: young woman in a white shirt is talking to a person in a black hat, while a football game is shown on a flat screen tv in the background.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a city park near a water with a few pedestrians.
Answer sentence: young woman in a city park near a water feature.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a bikini top on the beach.
Answer sentence: young woman in a bikini top on the beach.

Decoded sentence: young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.
Answer sentence: young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.

Decoded sentence: young and right boy hand and his white helmet and a red shirt with a shirt guard on the.
Answer sentence: young right handed boy wearing a batting helmet, red top and white pant uniform with shin guards and sneakers, playing t ball on a lawn bounded on one side by an old wooden fence.

Decoded sentence: young people sit on a rock beside a woman vehicle.
Answer sentence: young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle.

Decoded sentence: young people in yellow shirts prepare food to their food.
Answer sentence: young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food.

Decoded sentence: young man and woman sitting at wooden table to an all picture of an all picture is being.
Answer sentence: young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed ; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior.

Decoded sentence: young man with glasses on two small glasses and two sitting on the front of a looking wall.
Answer sentence: young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in emergency room waiting area.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a jacket is behind a counter in a sitting and down a with a cowboy wall.
Answer sentence: young man wearing a wear jacket is behind a counter in a jewelry store gazing off into the distance.

Decoded sentence: young man in a statue holding a small beard.
Answer sentence: young man in driveway holding small package.

Decoded sentence: young man and woman laying on concrete blocks platform among many concrete blocks.
Answer sentence: young man and woman laying on a large concrete block platform among many other concrete blocks.

Decoded sentence: young male in white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around her face performs a move.
Answer sentence: young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition.

Decoded sentence: young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table.
Answer sentence: young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.

Decoded sentence: young individuals in uniforms gather under a flag of different country.
Answer sentence: young individuals in uniforms are gathering under the flags of several different countries.

Decoded sentence: young guy sitting on a curb in a white t-shirt in a white t-shirt and dark sandals.
Answer sentence: young guy sitting on the curb in white t-shirt, dark shorts and sandals.

Decoded sentence: young girl with short dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing in front of a bicycle climbing.
Answer sentence: young girl with short, dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles.

Decoded sentence: young girl with her shooting camera is.
Answer sentence: young girl with a point and shoot camera taking a picture of the sky with tropical trees blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young girl and two young girls wearing blue suits are running in the water with smiles.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing two piece black bathing suit running in the water with a smile on her face.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a gray and pink sweater and leather boots is using his face from the.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girl playing with an orange cone.
Answer sentence: young girl playing with orange cone.

Decoded sentence: young girl playing softball with a white house in the background.
Answer sentence: young girl playing softball with white house in background

Decoded sentence: young girl in a pink dress is playing with a boy and a ball.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball

Decoded sentence: young girl in a pink coat and a woman dressed in clown attire and young girl in a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink coat walking beside man dressed in clown attire and striped pants down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a pink and green bikini swimming with a rubber ring.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink and green bikini, swimming with a rubber ring.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a blue dress being steps over a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a blue jacket holding a young boy in an orange shirt.
Answer sentence: young girl in a blue jacket holding young boy in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: young girl balancing on a man 's leg as a group of men in front of an audience performance.
Answer sentence: young girl balances on a reclined man 's legs as part of a performance in front of an audience

Decoded sentence: young football player other on the looking other members of the opposite team during the.
Answer sentence: young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired boy in a blue shirt and blue shirt and child drinking from a woman during.
Answer sentence: young dark blond-haired boy in a blue shirt, in a store during the day, drinking chocolate milk from a container and smiling.

Decoded sentence: young child is practicing karate in a gymnasium while practicing karate in a group of black.
Answer sentence: young children practicing karate are organized in a gymnasium facing the american flag, being watched by adults in black and yellow karate outfits.

Decoded sentence: young child on a sled is pulling through the snow.
Answer sentence: young children on a sled are being pulled through the snow.

Decoded sentence: young child at martial arts competition at a school gymnasium.
Answer sentence: young children at a martial arts competition, at a school gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: young child is watching the adults and local watch as it appears to be a or what appears.
Answer sentence: young children are learning a local custom by watching adults, and it appears to involve pretending to be asleep.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a green hat blowing up a orange balloon.
Answer sentence: young child wearing a green hat blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: young caucasian men in shorts and a caucasian man in a shirt, sunglasses and a caucasian.
Answer sentence: young caucasian man in shorts, t-shirt, helmet and sunglasses mountain biking down a heavily wooded hill.

Decoded sentence: young boy with a backpack walking down the street.
Answer sentence: young boys with backpacks walking down a street.

Decoded sentence: young boys playing sports together.
Answer sentence: young boys plays sports together.

Decoded sentence: young boys walk in a group.
Answer sentence: young boys are walking in galoshes.

Decoded sentence: a teacher sitting around a mat and a girl is in a martial colored her.
Answer sentence: young boys and girls practice martial arts while being graded by peers and teachers sitting around the mats in a dojo.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a young.
Answer sentence: young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing, other people are in the background.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing next to get a fishing his toy with his other fishing next to him.
Answer sentence: young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him.

Decoded sentence: young boy running and a young boy in a blue jacket and blue jeans is in the background.
Answer sentence: young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans, flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway.

Decoded sentence: young boy next to her man set to her bike set set to her bike and setting next to bike.
Answer sentence: young boy next to a bike that 's turned upside down is handling a socket wrench set that is set next to the bike.

Decoded sentence: young boy dressed for cold weather.
Answer sentence: young boy is dressed for cold weather.

Decoded sentence: young boy brushing her baby 's hair.
Answer sentence: young boy brushing a baby 's hair.

Decoded sentence: young and yellow adults are performing their wearing black shirts and black shirts performing.
Answer sentence: young adults wearing red, yellow, and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch.

Decoded sentence: young asian child in sports jersey in the sports field of an track is being watched.
Answer sentence: young east asian children in sports jerseys in a track and field activity.

Decoded sentence: young asian girl looking at an outdoor child 's day looking at.
Answer sentence: young asian girl who looks upset at a children 's outdoor playground.

Decoded sentence: the of which is seen seen on the jumping and has seen on to the other shot.
Answer sentence: you can see the tiny hairs on the giraffe due to the close-up shot.

Decoded sentence: a yellow banner with black a and black is hanging across a tree in a woman neighborhood.
Answer sentence: yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: workers with rope in the street.
Answer sentence: workers with ropes in the street.

Decoded sentence: workers wearing reflective vests working near train car.
Answer sentence: workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car.

Decoded sentence: workers walk along railroad tracks to the tunnel.
Answer sentence: workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: workers digging and looking up into a rock hole with a rock place before them.
Answer sentence: workers dig deeply into a rock and stone hole with tools placed on the ground before them.

Decoded sentence: workers are water to someone and a.
Answer sentence: workers constructing a temporary structure.

Decoded sentence: workers are serving up their customers in front of a group of young are who is two are.
Answer sentence: workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent

Decoded sentence: a group 's are volleyball at the olympics while an look looks very leg.
Answer sentence: women 's volleyball at the olympics is very intense.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a long shirt playing music.
Answer sentence: women wearing long shirts playing music.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a silver and colorful t-shirt carrying a basket with a cigarette in her hand.
Answer sentence: women wearing a silver wig big glasses carrying a basket with cigarette in hand.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a bench waiting for her laundry.
Answer sentence: women sitting on a bench waiting for her laundry

Decoded sentence: woman sitting at a bar that has a dark and writing above and light on a wall hanging above.
Answer sentence: women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.

Decoded sentence: woman on the phone with a graffiti in the background.
Answer sentence: women on phone with graffiti mural in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a room while holding different large and yellow with a red.
Answer sentence: women of different ethnicities stand in a room, holding red and yellow darts.

Decoded sentence: woman turning a while a man and sewing machine stands together.
Answer sentence: women manually turns a vintage singer sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: woman in a green jacket with a woman around a hood down a gravel path that is pushing a.
Answer sentence: women in green jacket with fur around the hood pushing red stroller down gravel path wooden bridge

Decoded sentence: woman in formal wearing sitting on a his.
Answer sentence: women in formal wear sitting on a pew.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in her indian clothes standing on the street.
Answer sentence: women dressed in exotic clothes, standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: woman and woman are green looking like black.
Answer sentence: women burning what looks like incense.

Decoded sentence: woman standing next to a produce stand.
Answer sentence: women are standing next to a produce stand.

Decoded sentence: woman seated and a picnic table in a white t-shirt and yellow balloons stand in the background.
Answer sentence: women are seated at a picnic table eating, while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman and child with stroller in a library.
Answer sentence: women and children with strollers in a library.

Decoded sentence: woman washing a child and child washing by a river with green trees to the bank.
Answer sentence: women and children washing clothes by the river with green trees by the banks.

Decoded sentence: woman with her hair in a another striped jacket, and green shoes is running and a green.
Answer sentence: woman with hair in low ponytail, with the number 43 on her leg, is running wearing green shoes and a green outfit.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue shirt and white shorts taking a photo of another while a dog on white.
Answer sentence: woman wearing blue shirt and white shorts, taking photo of two dogs ; one is a white poodle on a green leash, the other a brown hound mix breed on a neon pink leash.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing long red and long hat holds a baby with a little girl in her stands next.
Answer sentence: woman wearing a long red garment and hat, holding a baby with a little girl next to her in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: woman is pole on a bike and horse.
Answer sentence: woman vaulting over a vaulting horse.

Decoded sentence: woman standing at a table full of vegetables and produce.
Answer sentence: woman stands at a table full of vegetable produce.

Decoded sentence: woman standing against a wall filled with old material wearing short white shirt with a.
Answer sentence: woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a parking lot by a vehicle.
Answer sentence: woman standing in a parking lot by vehicles.

Decoded sentence: woman in barefoot standing near small hut and a group is filled with a walking.
Answer sentence: woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on bench holding a large brown leash and a leash of a large brown dog.
Answer sentence: woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in a tree with her looks.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in tree with dove.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in the grass under a tree overlooking a large and white and holding a large.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in the grass under a tree overlooking a field of grass and holding a large pad of white paper.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in red chair with a man and purple dress sitting on arm with her arm on her.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in a red chair with a dressy purple dress on and a book sitting on the arm rest.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting outside on a street.
Answer sentence: woman sewing outside by a green fence with graffiti.

Decoded sentence: woman plays the while in front of two microphone.
Answer sentence: woman plays clarinet in front of two microphones.

Decoded sentence: woman on a as trying to fly.
Answer sentence: woman on the clifftop trying to fly.

Decoded sentence: woman on a her grass machine in a an man.
Answer sentence: woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house.

Decoded sentence: woman playing a board game making a board.
Answer sentence: woman makes a face while playing the board game clue.

Decoded sentence: woman looking out the window at a man.
Answer sentence: woman looking out the window at a man.

Decoded sentence: woman inside of a food and smiling truck out of the window.
Answer sentence: woman inside of a food truck smiles out of the window.

Decoded sentence: a woman in white is a man in the foreground while a man walks behind a sign with a `` of.
Answer sentence: woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for john 's pizza and gyro in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman in a red and a rooftop looking at some to the city on the city below.
Answer sentence: woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below.

Decoded sentence: woman in a red shirt holds an infant.
Answer sentence: woman in red shirt is holding an infant.

Decoded sentence: woman in a black dress and a holding a piece of paper in her hand and she is talking into.
Answer sentence: woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: woman in red is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: woman in a red sari walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: woman in red is covering his face covering her face.
Answer sentence: woman in a red headscarf covering her face.

Decoded sentence: woman in a.
Answer sentence: woman in a leopard print outfit, walking in the street and a man in a dark blue jacket and denim jeans walking in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: woman singing and woman in a green dress is preparing a band and equipment with a blue.
Answer sentence: woman in a green dress with a white top and red-hair singing in a room with a blue roof while band equipment is being prepared.

Decoded sentence: woman in a green and white striped shirt lying in a chair with a yellow bag and a yellow.
Answer sentence: woman in a green and white striped shit lying in a chair with a yellow bag, holding a folded piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.
Answer sentence: woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: woman holding down street in paint with her face paint and a baby holding a baby.
Answer sentence: woman holds crying baby while walking down the street with children in face paint.

Decoded sentence: woman holds an infant with his hands.
Answer sentence: woman holds a infant with both hands.

Decoded sentence: woman giving a presentation about a woman car.
Answer sentence: woman giving a presentation about a chevrolet car.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a bench with a cane sitting on a bench next to a cane with a man and a.
Answer sentence: woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another.

Decoded sentence: woman climbing an on an of an on an of a small.
Answer sentence: woman climbing an artificial rock wall.

Decoded sentence: woman woman in short coat with a building and a building in view.
Answer sentence: woman by building in short coat with other building in view.

Decoded sentence: woman giving a palm female by two female women are waiting inside of a small female shop.
Answer sentence: woman being given a palm reading by a female psychic while two other women wait inside of a small shop.

Decoded sentence: woman balancing up and looking up into the camera.
Answer sentence: woman balances a pie on her head and looks up into camera

Decoded sentence: woman and four little girls and four little girls with stand.
Answer sentence: woman and four little girls, near cake with candles.

Decoded sentence: woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves covered in the leaves.
Answer sentence: woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves, while two people on horses come towards them.

Decoded sentence: a dog in a white dog and white ball through a green field.
Answer sentence: wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a boy are back onto a man in a black jacket with a man in the distance.
Answer sentence: with the dam in the distance, the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee.

Decoded sentence: young boy stands on a swing 's seat with a playground at blue slide in the background.
Answer sentence: with blue slide in background, a young boy is standing on a swing 's seat at a playground.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a winter coat holds up a tent and is setting up his tent.
Answer sentence: with a pack and ski pole on the ground, a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a yellow jacket is all jumping off the other in different position with a group.
Answer sentence: with a line of trees behind him, a boy in a yellow jacket is shown jumping off a hay bale in different positions in his jump.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a tree stick while standing upon his shoulder of another building with his.
Answer sentence: with a building facade in the background, a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks.

Decoded sentence: a clear waters is carrying a beautiful white shirt with the sky and a green sky in the.
Answer sentence: with a beautiful blue sky and green mountains in the background, a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt wades through the shallow, clear waters carry something white.

Decoded sentence: window being outside chinese restaurant.
Answer sentence: window washers outside a chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a yellow top and white shorts with a yellow top on a dirt road with trees to.
Answer sentence: white woman with yellow top and white shorts on a dirt road with some trees in the background about to throw a stick.

Decoded sentence: a white male drinking a beer and a cigarette in the woods while drinking beer on a other.
Answer sentence: white male squirting lighter fluid on charcoal grill coals while drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette in the woods.

Decoded sentence: a white dog and a black dog going down a trail in a wooded area.
Answer sentence: white dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area

Decoded sentence: the man and the little water are flying up and water.
Answer sentence: while water droplets fly, a man throws a little boy up in the air.

Decoded sentence: spectators dressed as spectators are dressed in white tennis as spectators dressed.
Answer sentence: while spectators watch she plays tennis, dressed in white.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt and gray pants is blowing a multicolored and has no with a long.
Answer sentence: while seated on a chair, a man wearing a blue shirt, gray pants, multicolored bandanna, and no shoes is blowing through a long tube.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy in red trunks and a young man stand on the shoulder of two children while.
Answer sentence: while everyone is standing in a body of water outside, a young blond boy in red trunks is standing on the shoulders of two children while another child, a woman and a young man watch

Decoded sentence: the lady at the front is a sitting and having all all on a roller coaster.
Answer sentence: while everybody else is having fun on a roller coaster ride, one lady at the very front seat seems too scared.

Decoded sentence: a wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over to a swimmers in the water.
Answer sentence: wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.

Decoded sentence: a wet brown dog jumping out of the water.
Answer sentence: wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.

Decoded sentence: a being her group of girls flying and working at night.
Answer sentence: welders working at night with sparks flying.

Decoded sentence: the of which is seen see the shot of a.
Answer sentence: we see a shot of a korean historical drama with a man in bright red and yellow costume is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: the water polo goalie is ready to get the shot for an orange.
Answer sentence: water polo goalie readies himself for an incoming shot.

Decoded sentence: the man with the man and the blue dress is dressed in their with red on the street marching.
Answer sentence: wwii victory day parade with soldier marching down street, dressed in vintage gear and holding rifles.

Decoded sentence: a village people are watching a woman who seems to be checking on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: village people are watching a woman who seems to be checking her messages possibly on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: various people walking down a sidewalk lined with stone and a tan building.
Answer sentence: various people are walking down a sidewalk lined with trees and a tan stone building.

Decoded sentence: the man is digging a hole in the dirt.
Answer sentence: twp children dig holes in the dirt.

Decoded sentence: two young an ready outside standing outside a area covered with trash trash in one of them.
Answer sentence: two young, barefooted boys are standing outside next to an area covered with trash ; behind them are tall, green trees and shrubs.

Decoded sentence: two young white males are outside.
Answer sentence: two young, white males are outside near many bushes.

Decoded sentence: two young women walk together.
Answer sentence: two young women walking.

Decoded sentence: two young women walk very very very together.
Answer sentence: two young women walking slowly.

Decoded sentence: two young women sitting at an outdoor both looking at to place and are sitting at an outdoor.
Answer sentence: two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.

Decoded sentence: two young women wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a gray race shirt, the other.
Answer sentence: two young women running, one wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a gray shirt with a race tag `` 5028 '' with an ambulance and a coca-cola machine in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young women look into a microscope and one of them with his face look on her face.
Answer sentence: two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.

Decoded sentence: two young women in black pants and white shirts are sitting on a an two box and talk.
Answer sentence: two young women in black pants and white shirts sit on an electrical box and talk.

Decoded sentence: two young women examine their legs at a outside outdoor painting an outdoor yellow umbrella.
Answer sentence: two young women examine the wares at a well-stocked outdoor bakery booth under a yellow umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young women dancers gathering while a crowd is wearing a man and a blond gathering.
Answer sentence: two young women dancers, one brunette and one blond, wearing similar red and black costumes and occupying a similarly colored `` dance cage '', entertain a gathering crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young women celebrating a as a cake cake with wine.
Answer sentence: two young women celebrating a birthday with cake and wine.

Decoded sentence: two young women and two young are look on a young man in a wheelchair.
Answer sentence: two young women are talking with a young man in a wheelchair, while two other young men look on.

Decoded sentence: two young women smile as they sit at a table and eat.
Answer sentence: two young women are smiling while they sit at a table and eat.

Decoded sentence: two young teenage girls hold hands in the air in a grassy area holding hands and wearing.
Answer sentence: two young teenage girls, both wearing jeans, are holding hands and simultaneously jumping in the air in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two young people are serving food.
Answer sentence: two young people serve food.

Decoded sentence: two young people are two in a two women and a man in red and a man and a man.
Answer sentence: two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.

Decoded sentence: two young men in a pose setting in an urban setting with one football up in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two young men, one dressed in black, and the other with a black shirt and light pants, in an urban setting posing, tangled up with a football in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two young men walking toward the camera while a young man on the left is walking his head.
Answer sentence: two young men walk toward the camera, with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction.

Decoded sentence: two young men and a referee are playing roller hockey on an indoor rink.
Answer sentence: two young men play roller hockey on an indoor rink while a referee looks on near the goal net.

Decoded sentence: two young men in yellow and top of `` they are has a green and man on a green top and the.
Answer sentence: two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material.

Decoded sentence: two young men jumping over two wood log.
Answer sentence: two young men jumping over two big wood logs.

Decoded sentence: two young men in a living room are facing each other and other is one hand is looking in.
Answer sentence: two young men in a living room holding hands while facing each other, jumping in the air and kicking their legs back.

Decoded sentence: two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it.
Answer sentence: two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it.

Decoded sentence: two young men dressed in summer clothing are standing in a transportation while in front.
Answer sentence: two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young men are woman is in the hand and an elderly man in hand to an elderly cross of.
Answer sentence: two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross.

Decoded sentence: two young men are having a good time.
Answer sentence: two young men are having good time.

Decoded sentence: two young men and a woman stand at the back of a white truck sorting through vegetables.
Answer sentence: two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies one talking on a summer street while one talking on a cellphone and a.
Answer sentence: two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies are wearing picture while taking in a to a to a woman.
Answer sentence: two young ladies review the pictures taken in their digital camera.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies in green boots walk through an urban area while an older lady is wearing.
Answer sentence: two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them.

Decoded sentence: two young kids are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two young kids are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two young girls stand in a crowd holding drawing with their in the stands and one is holding.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one in a white top and shorts the other in a brown flowered top and white shorts, holding a drawing with the word yo-yo on it, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young girls and one blond and one blond jumps on a green couch in a bright room.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one blond and the other brunette, jump on a green couch in a bright, sun drenched room.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with together and an older girl being shirt, as a referee is red as a referee.
Answer sentence: two young girls with sponge bats being to play while an older girl is acting as the referee.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with coats hugging in the middle of winter.
Answer sentence: two young girls with coats on hugging in the middle of winter.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing a woman stand in a dirt courtyard and one has some arm and the.
Answer sentence: two young girls wearing hijabs stand in a dirt courtyard, one has her arms folded and looks away the other is staring into the camera with her hands on her hips.

Decoded sentence: two young girls and they are laying on the grass and facing the camera and facing down.
Answer sentence: two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an ipod near a folding chair and several purses.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are sitting together in chairs and one is sitting in a chair and is while.
Answer sentence: two young girls are together, one is sitting in a chair and braiding the other 's hair.

Decoded sentence: two young girls talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two young girls are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are sitting in a living room playing video games and drinking a drink and.
Answer sentence: two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are playing in the forest of a short as the younger boy climbs the foot.
Answer sentence: two young girls are playing in the forest ; the younger one is climbing a short tree and is about 2 feet off the ground.

Decoded sentence: two young girls jump and look into a small round area of the are looking on.
Answer sentence: two young girl jumps into a small, round area of deeper water while a young boy looks on while running past.

Decoded sentence: two young girls and one are climbing up near a small tree.
Answer sentence: two young girl are playing near a small tree, and one has climbed up into the branches.

Decoded sentence: two young fair girls smile and they are riding in a boat wearing a men and they are riding.
Answer sentence: two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.

Decoded sentence: two young children wearing blue shirts and one is climbing a head and standing on the front.
Answer sentence: two young children, one wearing a blue shirt and something on their head climbing a tree standing in front of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two young children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: two young children playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps are sticking out some and some.
Answer sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are sitting outside in the dark frame wearing a dark animal and a animal.
Answer sentence: two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing winnie the pooh and animal costumes.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are practicing their art for karate.
Answer sentence: two young boys practicing the art of karate.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing rocks and playing into the water to play.
Answer sentence: two young boys play besides a lake, throwing rocks into the water.

Decoded sentence: two young boys in tank tops and striped shirts are in what looks like a on a an flag of.
Answer sentence: two young boys one in a white tank top and the other one in striped shirt in what looks like a landfill dump.

Decoded sentence: two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.
Answer sentence: two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are being blue at a life.
Answer sentence: two young boys giggling at life.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in white karate uniforms are competing with each other while a man.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in white karate uniforms compete with each other while a man looks on from the background.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.

Decoded sentence: two young boys walk over a wet are one holding a hat over her head and the other is holding.
Answer sentence: two young boys are walking over a wet section of pavement, one is holding a hat over his head, the other is holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sitting next to a mountain and holding various fruits and various other.
Answer sentence: two young boys are smiling while sitting next to an organized fruit cart that holds apples, grapes, plums, and various other fruits.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sitting in a canoe and one is holding a fish and a other fish is all in.
Answer sentence: two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing and one equipment behind them with behind them.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing with a can on a city street, there is camera equipment behind them.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are climbing over a seat in a vehicle.
Answer sentence: two young boys are climbing over the seat in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two young getting two young father and their man climbing a old shirt, with his father.
Answer sentence: two young barefooted girls are climbing an old lava flow with their father and mother following close behind.

Decoded sentence: two young adults and a boy and one female are singing in a drum.
Answer sentence: two young adults of opposite gender are playing music, the boy is on the drums and the female is singing.

Decoded sentence: two women and one is helping the other after a ride and are helping a ride to the other.
Answer sentence: two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.

Decoded sentence: two wrestlers and one wearing a sit on a mat and one is wearing a and black wrestling while.
Answer sentence: two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position.

Decoded sentence: two workers working on a rooftop and looking over a town.
Answer sentence: two workers, working on a rooftop, looking over a town.

Decoded sentence: two workers in uniforms stand next to some of heavy machinery.
Answer sentence: two workers in uniform are standing next to some heavy machinery.

Decoded sentence: two workers in hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.
Answer sentence: two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: two workers in a store and wearing aprons.
Answer sentence: two workers in a store are wearing aprons.

Decoded sentence: two workers in a group of an men restaurant.
Answer sentence: two workers in a mongolian bbq restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two workers holding up a tree look around two work with their shovel.
Answer sentence: two workers holding up the tree look around, while the other two work hard with their shovels.

Decoded sentence: two workers wearing hard hats and one of them is being looks into the floor as they are.
Answer sentence: two workers are wearing hard hats while one of them begins to descend into a floor hatch.

Decoded sentence: two workers are on a running and one is with a safety and leaning out at a camera.
Answer sentence: two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: two workers are cleaning the windows with their people cleaning and a dog in the background.
Answer sentence: two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women and a colorful scarf and dark.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing white shirts, colorful scarfs, white gloves, dark sunglasses and hats, wave to others.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing black shirts and black striped shirts with gray and black shirts standing.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing a black shirt with a gray cardigan and a white and black striped shirt, are smiling at the camera that took the picture of them, with three people standing in the background, two men wearing a green and square patterned shirt, and part of a woman.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing red and one wearing red and one wearing a violin and playing the violin.
Answer sentence: two women, one wearing red and one wearing black, playing violins at a concert.

Decoded sentence: two women in both sunglasses and a green skirt and a green conversing with a man and conversing.
Answer sentence: two women, one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt, the other in a longer navy skirt, converse with each other.

Decoded sentence: two women riding a water slide in the water and one is riding a very water slide while.
Answer sentence: two women, one in a dark colored clothing and one in light colored clothing, rides a water slide.

Decoded sentence: two women caught in mid jump while one is being caught in the all with a tennis racket.
Answer sentence: two women, one caught in mid jump as she hits the ball with a racket, play tennis on a court.

Decoded sentence: two women in winter jackets and snow pants riding on a chair and covered mountain covered.
Answer sentence: two women, in winter jackets and snow pants, riding on a chair lift through snow covered mountains.

Decoded sentence: two and an elderly woman are playing and one is wearing glasses and a elderly woman playing.
Answer sentence: two women, both wearing glasses, are playing clarinets and an elderly woman is playing a stringed instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women with the of which are working together with a group of people working together.
Answer sentence: two women with stethoscopes and a man with a blue hairnet on working tedious over an unknown object or person.

Decoded sentence: two women and two women are all with dark hair and standing at a table.
Answer sentence: two women with dark hair play chess at a table while standing.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair wearing black flowers and standing in a store with a baby in.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair wearing flower leis standing in a store with a baby in a baby stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair are carrying purple umbrellas over their heads and walk on the.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair are walking on the street, carrying a purple umbrella over their head.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing both appear to be a playing of attire and sunglasses are waving inside.
Answer sentence: two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses stand by the side of a road and one is wearing a skirt and.
Answer sentence: two women wearing sunglasses are standing by the side of the road and the one wearing a skirt is holding up a stop sign with the word eating taped to it.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats covered in flowers pose.
Answer sentence: two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing green shirts get off a tour bus.
Answer sentence: two women wearing green shirts are getting off a tour bus.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center.
Answer sentence: two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women, who are clapping.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing backpacks walk toward the camera along the sidewalk while a one is showing.
Answer sentence: two women walking toward the camera along a sidewalk while wearing a backpack and showing midriff.

Decoded sentence: two women walking down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walking down the street

Decoded sentence: two women are talking to each other while a man passes down a busy street and a man passes.
Answer sentence: two women walking down a busy street talking to each other, passing a man in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down a busy street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a busy street together.

Decoded sentence: two women laugh while people walk by.
Answer sentence: two women talk and laugh while people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two women standing in front of an older woman helping a younger woman dressed as a younger.
Answer sentence: two women standing in front of an open door, the older woman is helping to dress the younger one.

Decoded sentence: two women stand by a large venue that says `` the one in the on the stands that says ``.
Answer sentence: two women stand by a large series of signs which say `` le cafe marley '' in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling.

Decoded sentence: two women and one in pink shorts and a pink shorts are a group of sitting on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: two women squatting on the sidewalk looking at plants, one in black shirt, shorts and pink sandals, the other in a white shirt, black shorts talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two women both barefoot and woman are sitting and in a his tent and dark tent.
Answer sentence: two women sitting under a tent, one with shirt red-hair, dark clothes drinking and the other laying down playing the guitar in a green top and jean peddle pushers both barefoot.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting on the beach in a hole in a hole and they seem to be digging for the.
Answer sentence: two women sit on the beach in holes seem to be digging for something with rocks and sand all around them.

Decoded sentence: two women are sitting on the blocks and another woman umbrella.
Answer sentence: two women sit on blocks underneath an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting on a couch while one holds a baby and the other is handing a dog to the.
Answer sentence: two women sit on a couch while one holds a baby and the other is being handed a dog by another woman.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting in chairs in the street as a child gets attention and attention for the.
Answer sentence: two women sit in chairs while a child in the street gets the attention of the camera.

Decoded sentence: two women run down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women run down the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women relax at home amidst a on a an man and an on a an on a an man with an orange.
Answer sentence: two women relax at home on a futon-style couch amidst pillows and a pile of clothing, with an array of photographs on the wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women playing musical instruments and one is playing the snow and the instrument is.
Answer sentence: two women playing musical instruments ; one plays violin and the other play a wind instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women look over at a chinese and a chinese and a.
Answer sentence: two women looks over an item at a chinese convenience store.

Decoded sentence: two women laugh and all holding a can all of the of which is one of the blue ribbon and.
Answer sentence: two women laugh and share conversation while each of them holds a can of refreshing pabst blue ribbon beer.

Decoded sentence: two women kneeling around a group of women observing a woman who is observing a woman 's.
Answer sentence: two women kneeling around the footrest of a couch observing a third woman 's demonstration of a device.

Decoded sentence: two women are jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front.
Answer sentence: two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake. with another person

Decoded sentence: two women jogging down the street.
Answer sentence: two women jog down the street.

Decoded sentence: two women involved in the all or of yellow for yellow bags.
Answer sentence: two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags.

Decoded sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth.
Answer sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth.

Decoded sentence: two women in an together and woman are helping a woman are people in the standing.
Answer sentence: two women in library the librarian assist the other women to help in her research.

Decoded sentence: two women in the walking past a bus and woman.
Answer sentence: two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts are children are man to be.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts are exiting a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts and a brunette hair are having their attention or seems to be.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts and brunette hair seem to have their attention held by someone or something.

Decoded sentence: two women in green and yellow costumes are putting up the other white with white in leaves.
Answer sentence: two women in green and yellow costumes with white sleeves put up their hands and smile while walking along a brown stage with leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women in colorful dresses and a man watching the water.
Answer sentence: two women in colorful dresses are sweeping water out of the street while a man watches.

Decoded sentence: two women in coats walk in a park area.
Answer sentence: two women in coats are walking together in a park area.

Decoded sentence: two women in brightly colored hats and hats are sitting beside a black backpack on a stone.
Answer sentence: two women in brightly colored tee-shirts and hats sit beside a black backpack on a stone bench beside a dusty trail.

Decoded sentence: two women in black and blue clothes are laughing and laughing.
Answer sentence: two women in black and blue clothes laughing and having fun.

Decoded sentence: two women in light blue jackets and dark blue jackets walking in a crosswalk on a giant.
Answer sentence: two women in a light blue and a dark blue jacket walking in a crosswalk and a fake giant rat is on the sidewalk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women in are performing a martial stage on stage.
Answer sentence: two women in renaissance clothing are performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two women are hugging each other.
Answer sentence: two women hugging each other.

Decoded sentence: two women standing outside holding shopping bags and conversation.
Answer sentence: two women holding shopping bags are standing outside having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women are having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two women having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women have a seat in a busy area area.
Answer sentence: two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in black pants and white tops are wearing white tops and surrounded.
Answer sentence: two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: two women to the hat while one woman is looking for flowers with flowers.
Answer sentence: two women donning hats adorned with flowers pose for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two women discussing red at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women discussing something at a library.
Answer sentence: two women discussing a topic at the library.

Decoded sentence: two women dancing on a walkway with a band in the background walking by.
Answer sentence: two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by

Decoded sentence: two women crossing the street with giant up in the background.
Answer sentence: two women crossing the street with a giant rat in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women carrying their have on their heads.
Answer sentence: two women carrying grain on their head.

Decoded sentence: two women buying for some from a man at the market.
Answer sentence: two women buying baked goods from a man at a market.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and black pants smoking black pants and sitting on a woman.
Answer sentence: two women both wearing white shirts and black pants, one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses and eating food.
Answer sentence: two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food.

Decoded sentence: two women and a man in black are waiting outside a building for flowers.
Answer sentence: two women are waiting outside a building while a man in black carries a large bouquet of flowers somewhere.

Decoded sentence: two women stand with a young boy in a blue hat and left checking a cellphone while the.
Answer sentence: two women are standing with a young boy in a blue hat, and the one on the left is casually checking her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two women standing on a boat looking at the water.
Answer sentence: two women are standing on a boat looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two women standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped some other.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light.

Decoded sentence: two women stand in a store with a baby in blue and a stroller.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in a store with a baby in a blue stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women smiling while they appear to be listening to a young music device.
Answer sentence: two women are smiling as they appear to be listening to portable music devices.

Decoded sentence: two women sit in looking back to chairs and look over a point at their colorful people.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting in rose-colored wing back chairs as one points over her shoulder at a colorful human figure.

Decoded sentence: two women are playing a keyboard under a lit tent at night.
Answer sentence: two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.

Decoded sentence: two women and three men are jogging together on a dirt trail.
Answer sentence: two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail.

Decoded sentence: two women are all making some of some of black are with of blue walking.
Answer sentence: two women are hand-crafting something or making clay pottery.

Decoded sentence: two women drink from a yellow cup laughing.
Answer sentence: two women are drinking from yellow cups and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two women smiling and smiling.
Answer sentence: two women are crossing the street and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two women and a man all in the gather after the yard after a woman after a woman.
Answer sentence: two women and a man removing brush weed out of their yard after a storm.

Decoded sentence: two women and a man in a studio looking at a large of some are playing.
Answer sentence: two women and a man in a studio looking at a large portrait of cher.

Decoded sentence: two women and one man in the something in a red dress and the other man in the light dress.
Answer sentence: two women and a man dressed in victorian era clothing ; the man is gesturing to the women in the red dress.

Decoded sentence: two women playing the camera while a man and man wearing a blue and gold colored colored.
Answer sentence: two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats are playing wind and brass instruments.

Decoded sentence: two women and a child celebrating at a and sitting party.
Answer sentence: two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.

Decoded sentence: two women with white to talk and two men in different kind of different and the foreground.
Answer sentence: two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing woman and one of other is taking a picture of taking a picture.
Answer sentence: two woman wearing statue of liberty hats get their picture taken in a subway.

Decoded sentence: two women in a frisbee game in the air about to catch a frisbee and a other woman.
Answer sentence: two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.

Decoded sentence: two women in brown coats in the background of a woman walking toward front of a picture.
Answer sentence: two woman in brown coats in the background of a woman walking toward the front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: two women at a conference or a professional or or an stand.
Answer sentence: two woman at a professional conference or convention.

Decoded sentence: three women on the side of a building and two are.
Answer sentence: two window-washers clean windows on the side of a building, reflected in the blue-tinted glass.

Decoded sentence: two white people are laughing and standing on horses and a man.
Answer sentence: two white people are laughing on horses while a dark-skinned man stands around in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two women and two white men and one is dressed in white uniforms and white on uniforms.
Answer sentence: two white men dressed in white and black tae kwon do uniforms, competing with each other on a green and red matt while a team of onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.
Answer sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two young boys and an adult are playing with a big man and a red an man play with a big.
Answer sentence: two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that 's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.

Decoded sentence: two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside.
Answer sentence: two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people.

Decoded sentence: two vehicles and a with all in the back of a sandy `` direction ''.
Answer sentence: two vehicles or trailers going away from the camera in a sandy region, with a driver on each and two people in the back who each appear younger, looking in the direction of one another.

Decoded sentence: two older people look past the camera as a male and a woman wearing a woman and woman wearing.
Answer sentence: two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera, the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat.

Decoded sentence: two toddler in a plaid shirt, one in a plaid shirt, the other in a wearing a plaid t-shirt.
Answer sentence: two toddler boys, one in a plaid shirt, the other wearing a t-shirt and bib, are seated in yellow chairs embedded in a table.

Decoded sentence: two men are relaxing on the couch near a wooden table with a coffee cup and coffee on it.
Answer sentence: two tired-looking men relax on a couch near a wooden trestle table with a coffee cup on it.

Decoded sentence: two children rest and rest on a couch at a art museum.
Answer sentence: two tired children rest on couches at an art museum while the adults around them view the art.

Decoded sentence: two together running in a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two terriers running in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two teens are near a fast food booth standing on a tiled street.
Answer sentence: two teens are near a fast food booth painted blue, while standing on a tiled street.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls wearing white jerseys and one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls, one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey, playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls holding each other up and jumping in the yard while two other are holding.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls jumping in a yard, with a two story brown building in the background, while holding each others right hand.

Decoded sentence: two teams playing football and one white and the other in red and red are playing the football.
Answer sentence: two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.

Decoded sentence: two young team of young in blue and one in a green and white playing soccer in an all match.
Answer sentence: two teams of young children, one in blue and white, the other in green and white, playing soccer in a unisex match.

Decoded sentence: two teams are competing in a basketball game.
Answer sentence: two teams compete in a basketball game.

Decoded sentence: two teammates from the children are both watching the other team are both watching and.
Answer sentence: two teammates from the usa team are jumping in the air to give high-fives while two teammates watch.

Decoded sentence: two swimmers competing in a swim competition.
Answer sentence: two swimmers competing in swim competition.

Decoded sentence: two people swimming in the water.
Answer sentence: two swans swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: two women are performing some people.
Answer sentence: two surgeons performing a surgery.

Decoded sentence: two students have a conversation on the side of a concrete wall having a conversation and.
Answer sentence: two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall, which has a common sitting are on the other side.

Decoded sentence: two spectators are looking back at a sitting and looking back to a woman in a stadium back.
Answer sentence: two spectators are adorn with mickey mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers wearing camouflage getting food as two women in white stand behind a few people.
Answer sentence: two soldiers wearing camouflage are getting food from a woman in white as two people in white stand behind a counter watching.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers stand next to a truck holding a of which is a building and other people are.
Answer sentence: two soldiers stand next to a truck holding packages of games, puzzles and building blocks.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers at the event center woman watching the woman is pushing up while a man in.
Answer sentence: two soldiers at an event center are watching a woman in a red shirt do push ups while another soldier leans over here.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players in red and white uniforms are trying to reach the ball while the other.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one wearing a white uniform and the other in red, try to reach the soccer ball first.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players go for the soccer ball while people on the other are both wearing red.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one from a team wearing red and the other wearing white, are both going for the soccer ball, while people on the bleachers watch.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players in the teams are trying to get the ball before the ball before the player.
Answer sentence: two soccer players from opposing teams trying to get control of the ball before the other player does.

Decoded sentence: two others in red striped outfits and two small girls are painting on a yellow piece of.
Answer sentence: two small girls, one in a blue and violet dress, the other in a red striped outfit are painting with red and yellow on a piece of canvas in the street.

Decoded sentence: two small figures are being being being being being pulled by a large construction site.
Answer sentence: two small figures are dwarfed by a large construction site.

Decoded sentence: two small dogs are running across the green grass.
Answer sentence: two small dogs run across the green grass.

Decoded sentence: two small brightly dressed african children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor.
Answer sentence: two small brightly dressed african children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor.

Decoded sentence: two women are hugging and looking into the camera.
Answer sentence: two sisters hugging while visiting a farm and looking into the camera.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men balancing on scaffolding.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men balance on scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men are two men and one man in black shorts are two of the men are watching.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men are sparring while a line of men in white shirts and black shorts watch.

Decoded sentence: two women in all white tops and black pants and black pants and all of the other are wearing.
Answer sentence: two separate women, one wearing a white top and black pants, the other wearing all black and a pair of pink flip-flops, kneel on a gray brick sidewalk path in front of green and red bushes.

Decoded sentence: two athletes on the ocean and one is holding the water and is holding in a while in a where.
Answer sentence: two seagulls on water, foreground bird has object held in beak.

Decoded sentence: two scuba people wearing white shirts scuba along with a scuba are wearing a white one.
Answer sentence: two scuba divers underwater wearing white shirts and scuba equipment along with fins on their feet.

Decoded sentence: two runners with marathon running a black shirt.
Answer sentence: two runners with marathon tags wearing black shirts.

Decoded sentence: two small performers on a rock stage playing the guitar while in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: two rock and roll performers on stage playing their guitars performing in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two race cars speed around the track.
Answer sentence: two race cars speed around a track.

Decoded sentence: two professional are having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two professional businessmen having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two an children workers are in a that and smile and smile.
Answer sentence: two postal workers handle canned goods with a smile.

Decoded sentence: two police are on a it in two horses.
Answer sentence: two police are on patrol on two horses.

Decoded sentence: two players in red and white football uniforms are being pulled down on a field.
Answer sentence: two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.

Decoded sentence: two players are other during a soccer game.
Answer sentence: two players hustle during a soccer game.

Decoded sentence: two men face their together off while facing the referee who is throwing the puck onto.
Answer sentence: two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice.

Decoded sentence: two person are repairing a bicycle.
Answer sentence: two persons repairing their bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people sit in an audience while one is wearing a blue suit and the other wearing orange.
Answer sentence: two people, one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting on a bench by a walking path at a path with palm walking and one in.
Answer sentence: two people, one in gray and one in white, sitting on a bench by a walking path looking over a field at a forest during autumn.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in red are dancing.
Answer sentence: two people, dressed in red, dancing.

Decoded sentence: two people working on an an two sitting.
Answer sentence: two people working on an assembly line.

Decoded sentence: two people with hard hats standing on a brick wall.
Answer sentence: two people with hard hats on standing on a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two people with building.
Answer sentence: two people with dreadlocks.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks are standing in a crowd taking pictures of something above them.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks take a picture of something high above them, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks are hiking up a rocky path next to a no tree.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks hike up a rocky dirt path next to a conifer tree.

Decoded sentence: two people in blue and red uniforms are crouching as a play in the white and play uniforms.
Answer sentence: two people wearing blue, red, and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play.

Decoded sentence: two people are carrying two dirt and walking down a dirt trail looking at a backpack looking.
Answer sentence: two people walking down a dirt trail with backpacks on looking at items they are carrying.

Decoded sentence: two people walking outside a area in a group.
Answer sentence: two people walk outside in a nature area.

Decoded sentence: two people are talking at a crossing many crossing the many cars.
Answer sentence: two people talk at a cross way with many cars parked around.

Decoded sentence: two people are taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.
Answer sentence: two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are watching the other in the scene and they stand over the canyon as they stand.
Answer sentence: two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon.

Decoded sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.
Answer sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.

Decoded sentence: two people standing in front of a covered wall covered red and flowers with red.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead

Decoded sentence: two people standing in front of a building with a painted a mural of the athletes and a.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of a yellow building with a painted mural of an athlete, a rock group, and graffiti.

Decoded sentence: two people standing at the edge of a snow covered at a that.
Answer sentence: two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting out looking at the water.
Answer sentence: two people sitting out looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on top of a cliff overlooking a river.
Answer sentence: two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a bench in front of a picture of a woman with a long hair and.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench in front of a picture of a woman with long, messy hair and a huge diamond necklace.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting in the wearing seats and one is touching the other while one is.
Answer sentence: two people sit in handicapped seats, one touching her ear while the other touches her eyes.

Decoded sentence: two people are sign books.
Answer sentence: two people signing books.

Decoded sentence: two people seem to be some of their farm sitting on farm.
Answer sentence: two people seem to be planting seeds on a farm.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding a train.
Answer sentence: two people ride the train.

Decoded sentence: two people are.
Answer sentence: two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people posing for a `` has white to walk and walk for their turn to walk their to walk.
Answer sentence: two people pose for a picure holding a card that says `` know what this is ? ''

Decoded sentence: two people are playing together.
Answer sentence: two people play foosball.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing.
Answer sentence: two people performing in front of a crowd on a set of steps while wearing foil suits.

Decoded sentence: a person dressed in yellow with black boots and black boots stand on a lake while two person.
Answer sentence: two people one person dressed in yellow and green with black boots and the other person have on white jacket and brown pants standing on the lake side with birds approaching them

Decoded sentence: two people on a dirt bike jumping the dirt ramp with people in the background.
Answer sentence: two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people on cellphones walk down a sidewalk and a vendor is eating.
Answer sentence: two people on cellphones walk down the sidewalk while a vendor stands there and a man is eating.

Decoded sentence: two people on bicycles sit at a corner in front of a red brick building and bicyclists.
Answer sentence: two people on bicycles sit at a corner crosswalk in front of a red brick building while another bicyclist rides by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people look and looking pieces of paper on a concrete.
Answer sentence: two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete.

Decoded sentence: two people looking over a snowy wall.
Answer sentence: two people look over a terrace wall.

Decoded sentence: two people are leaning over the water looking at the water.
Answer sentence: two people leaning over a fence looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing.
Answer sentence: two people kissing.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing on the beach.
Answer sentence: two people kiss on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two people are two with a few people on horses and are watching from a group of horses.
Answer sentence: two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.

Decoded sentence: a man is being pulled with a rainbow colored cloth while another woman watches.
Answer sentence: two people in the kitchen and doing the dishes in the sink, the man is drying with a rainbow colored cloth while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: two people in red shirts sit in an out on a beach with an american flag to flying behind.
Answer sentence: two people in red shirts are sitting in a lifeguard chair on a beach with an american flag flying behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people racing their clothes and their helmets are riding their helmets.
Answer sentence: two people in racing clothes and helmets are riding motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people in full attire fence with onlookers from the background from the background.
Answer sentence: two people in full attire fencing in a gymnasium with one onlooker from the bleachers in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people in dark suits and are walking with a shirts in a race in a race of their women.
Answer sentence: two people in dark jogging suits walk with a group of participants in the race for the cure.

Decoded sentence: two people in colorful clothes and standing looking over the ground and looking at the.
Answer sentence: two people in colorful clothes are standing in a field, bent over to look at the ground.

Decoded sentence: two people in bright orange coats are working on a piece of equipment that is being green.
Answer sentence: two people in bright orange coats are working on some piece of equipment that is dealing with a train.

Decoded sentence: two people in black vests stand in front of a child in a white vest with a american flag.
Answer sentence: two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an american flag between them.

Decoded sentence: two people in traditional japanese and traditional with a group of japanese men are performing.
Answer sentence: two people in a traditional japanese dragon costume perform in front of a small japanese shrine with a man in a business suit standing in the back watching.

Decoded sentence: two people in a large canoe surrounded by water.
Answer sentence: two people in a large canoe surrounded by water.

Decoded sentence: two people have their heads down and down a table on a cement table while a man in a brown.
Answer sentence: two people have their heads down on a table while a man in a brown jacket looks out the window at a group of bikes and motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people are their climbing a building near a table and chairs at the front of their.
Answer sentence: two people have paused near a table and chairs to examine something at their feet in front of a tudor style building.

Decoded sentence: two people and two people at a shopping.
Answer sentence: two people grocery shopping at walmart.

Decoded sentence: two people are giving a bath in blue dogs and a blue container.
Answer sentence: two people give a dog a bath outdoors in a blue container.

Decoded sentence: two people are getting a streets.
Answer sentence: two people getting married.

Decoded sentence: two people enjoying a drink next to a bike and a few are.
Answer sentence: two people enjoying a drink next to there bikes.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in their gear are stopped in a gymnasium and practicing.
Answer sentence: two people dressed in battle gear, are practicing sparring in a gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two people are carrying bags and bags.
Answer sentence: two people carrying bags walk together.

Decoded sentence: two people are being her climbing down a river at a group of beautiful sunset.
Answer sentence: two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset.

Decoded sentence: two people in chinese cooking costumes in front of an young woman with a red holding a.
Answer sentence: two people are wearing a chinese dragon costume in front of an ornate chinese gazebo with red pillars and the gazebo has two large red lanterns hanging from the roof.

Decoded sentence: two people walk up a snowy hill with a dog.
Answer sentence: two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog.

Decoded sentence: two people walk in opposite directions that says `` direction of the same sign to be a.
Answer sentence: two people are walking in opposite directions in front of the same store that says there is a 50 % sale.

Decoded sentence: two people of a few gray and one gray and a man in a brown hoodie are making a stand.
Answer sentence: two people are training, the woman, wearing gray, is practicing punching while the man, in a brown hoodie, holds the pads she hits.

Decoded sentence: two people are talking to a mobile phone while outside of a next a video door and a video.
Answer sentence: two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store.

Decoded sentence: two people and a large man behind them large red items.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming in a large body of clear blue water, and there is a large red item behind them in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people stand outside of a wine shop.
Answer sentence: two people are standing outside of a wine shop.

Decoded sentence: two people stand next to a brick canal.
Answer sentence: two people are standing next to a waterway canal.

Decoded sentence: two people stand near a curb outside a store.
Answer sentence: two people are standing near a curb outside a store.

Decoded sentence: two people stand in a room that is smoking of their shot while one of the other person.
Answer sentence: two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.

Decoded sentence: two people stand and wait for a red phone as balloons are coming out for a red line in.
Answer sentence: two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.

Decoded sentence: two people are scuba diving.
Answer sentence: two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding their bikes beside a train track.
Answer sentence: two people are riding bikes beside train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two people are picking up their eyes in front of a subway.
Answer sentence: two people are picking up their belongings in front of a subway.

Decoded sentence: two people are on top of a bed of a truck.
Answer sentence: two people are on top of the bed of a truck.

Decoded sentence: two people are on stage watching a small instrument while being watched.
Answer sentence: two people are on a stage playing stringed instruments for a small crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing with old buildings on the side of them with other people and people.
Answer sentence: two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people and one of the other men appear to be on the their hands with their chest and.
Answer sentence: two people are in a river, one is a standing man and the other appears to be a child lying on his stomach with his chest and head above the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are holding trash bags and getting ready to be picking up at the camera.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a trash bag getting ready to pick up debris while a third person is looking at a camera bag.

Decoded sentence: two people holding large women and women are all holding.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a large upside-down earth globe, about 4 ' in diameter, and a child appears to be jumping over antarctica.

Decoded sentence: two people are hiking on a trail next to a large wall.
Answer sentence: two people are hiking on a trail next to a large wall.

Decoded sentence: two people are fighting each other in an.
Answer sentence: two people are fighting each other in some type of karate, both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating a barbecue at night.
Answer sentence: two people are eating barbecue ribs at night.

Decoded sentence: two people are an stone steps while a steps looks down.
Answer sentence: two people are descending down some stone steps.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting over three horses and jumping over three horses to the crowd.
Answer sentence: two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat.

Decoded sentence: two people are dancing by a red couch.
Answer sentence: two people are dancing by a red couch.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking a large bag filled with red on their umbrellas and carrying red.
Answer sentence: two people are carrying a large bag filled with a red substance down a ally as a figure in red walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: two opposing hockey players prepare off for their face.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players prepare for a face off.

Decoded sentence: two opposing hockey players play the playing of the puck with their opposing team watching.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching.

Decoded sentence: two older women look on in front of a sign and one is looking on with an older gentleman.
Answer sentence: two older women, one on a bicycle talking in front of a sign in a city with an older gentleman looking on.

Decoded sentence: two older women sitting on a bench in front of a stone building enjoying lunch and lunch.
Answer sentence: two older women are sitting on a bench in front of a stone building and enjoying box lunches.

Decoded sentence: two older men and a young woman sitting on a bench with two other men and a half are making.
Answer sentence: two older men and a young woman sit on a bench with a triangle and two half spheres making up the top of the bench.

Decoded sentence: two older looking cars are on a one is a another looking racing and strip.
Answer sentence: two older looking cars are on a drag race strip.

Decoded sentence: two old men and one is looking at a small balcony.
Answer sentence: two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper, and the other is holding a few sheets of paper.

Decoded sentence: two officers are sitting on horses in an urban setting.
Answer sentence: two officers sit on horses in a urban setting.

Decoded sentence: two musicians are of the with one one is a one and the one one is wearing a blue shirt,.
Answer sentence: two musicians are entertaining people in a city park, the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa.

Decoded sentence: two women looking on a snowy trail ahead.
Answer sentence: two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.

Decoded sentence: two together are riding along on a vehicle is being watched by an colored vehicle.
Answer sentence: two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclist racing their neck and their their neck corner around.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclist racing on an an two track.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.

Decoded sentence: two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course.
Answer sentence: two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course.

Decoded sentence: two people walk down a steep stairs.
Answer sentence: two monks are walking down steep stairs.

Decoded sentence: two women making a setting of glass and stone being making a glass.
Answer sentence: two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in black are running between them and a small dog is running between.
Answer sentence: two mimes dressed in black mime tug-of-war in a field while a small white dog runs between them.

Decoded sentence: two women play tug-of-war while a dog runs between them.
Answer sentence: two mimes are playing tug-of-war while a dog is running between them.

Decoded sentence: two men in blue shirts and ball caps playing in a field while others play on the field.
Answer sentence: two men ; one in a blue shirt and ball cap, and the other in a white shirt playing frisbee on a field near an airport.

Decoded sentence: two gray and a girl wearing blue cap and a sitting in a man wearing a blue shirt, and blue.
Answer sentence: two men- one wearing a blue cap, two-toned blue shirt, and gray trousers, the other hatless and in dark-colored shorts- stand in a green cherry-picker amid utility wires and leafy tree-tops.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hard hats and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.
Answer sentence: two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a man and a younger guy.
Answer sentence: two men, one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy, are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a rodeo ring while one with large women stands in a rodeo ring and the.
Answer sentence: two men, one with large chaps and one with short pants are standing in a rodeo ring while some men look on from outside the ring.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting outside each other and one with a brown hat and blue shirt and jeans and.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a brown hat and blue long-sleeve shirt, the other in jeans and a blazer, sit outside, facing each other.

Decoded sentence: two men chat with a young woman at a backpack with a man and a blue one is chatting and.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a blue bag & one with glasses, chatting with a young woman with a backpack at a gathering with other men & women.

Decoded sentence: two men appear to be fighting and one with a beard and a black t-shirt appears to be fighting.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a beard, red t-shirt, and black pants and the other one in a gray t-shirt and black pants, appear to be fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men playing soccer and wearing red uniforms with white stripes and white uniforms.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing red uniform with white stripes and the other a white uniform are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow shirts and one is pulling a horse while one is being pulled by a.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a yellow shirt and one wearing a red shirt, being pulled by horses.

Decoded sentence: two men and one wearing a teal shirt and the other wearing a teal shirt are laying on a.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a teal shirt and shin guards lay horizontally on logs with their backpacks in sight.

Decoded sentence: two men and one red shirt, one wearing a straw hat and a red shirt, are talking on the.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a straw cone hat, blue shirt, talking with a guy in a tan sunhat, red plaid shirt, both with baskets in front of them, sitting on the side of a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two men and two women, one wearing a cowboy shirt, black and black and black and the other.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a cowboy hat and a black shirt and the other with his eyes closed and wearing a black baseball cap and a plaid blue shirt are playing guitars, as a woman with a plastic cup watches.

Decoded sentence: two men and one man are playing a purple guitar and the other is sitting on a stone steps.
Answer sentence: two men, one playing a purple guitar and the other playing an accordion, sitting on stone steps.

Decoded sentence: two men of two men and a bald man.
Answer sentence: two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.

Decoded sentence: two men and one of which are dressed in white shirts are talking at a screen while one.
Answer sentence: two men, one looking at a screen with a drum next to him, while the other is a man dressed in a white shirt is talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: two men and one in yellow are on a wooden boat.
Answer sentence: two men, one in yellow, are on a wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: two men and one in a gray shirt are reading a piece of paper and one wearing a gray shirt.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a gray shirt and one in a black shirt and orange shorts wearing glasses are reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two men in a video game and one in a.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a circuit city t-shirt, the other in an m & ms t-shirt, operate video game guns.

Decoded sentence: two men and one dressed in black shirts and black pants and other pants, are creating some.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black with white hats and gray dresses and gray and black on steps and.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in black with a white hat and the other dressed in gray sweep a set of steps.

Decoded sentence: two men hold books and one is black holding a book and a white book is being held together.
Answer sentence: two men, one black, one white, are holding books and talking.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in business suits and long black coats are sharing a blue graffiti and.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in business suits, wearing long black coats, sharing a blue plaid umbrella, standing against a graffiti painted brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black are standing on a sidewalk in an urban area while a light cigarette.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in black, are standing on a sidewalk in an urban area while one lights a cigarette.

Decoded sentence: two men and wearing bright yellow vests are working on the roof.
Answer sentence: two men, both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans, are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: two men working with computers and an apartment.
Answer sentence: two men working with the computer within their apartment.

Decoded sentence: two men working at a construction site.
Answer sentence: two men working together at a construction site.

Decoded sentence: two men working on a yellow and yellow smiling.
Answer sentence: two men working on a yellow volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: two men working on the roof in a yellow coat.
Answer sentence: two men working on a roof in yellow coats.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on top of a tall building on a cloudy day.
Answer sentence: two men work on top of a tall building on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on metal roof in the sunlight as a man wearing a white shirt and is.
Answer sentence: two men work on a metal roof in the sunlight, one man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a black shirt and holding a drill.

Decoded sentence: two men are working in a where one is cutting the meat is being cutting the other from.
Answer sentence: two men work in a butcher shop ; one cuts the meat from a butchered cow, while the other hoses the floor.

Decoded sentence: two men with their heads are looking down on a restaurant table in the background and a.
Answer sentence: two men with their heads down on a restaurant table, seemingly in response to the man with the brown suede coat in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two men with red shirts and yellow aprons stand in front of a wall while two stuffed animals.
Answer sentence: two men with red shirts and yellow aprons stand in front of a wall of colorful stuffed animals while two women pause at the table in front of it.

Decoded sentence: two men with paddle in the water.
Answer sentence: two men with paddles in the water.

Decoded sentence: two men with a guitar on stage and one with a microphone in front of a small group of people.
Answer sentence: two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people.

Decoded sentence: two men with `` small '' in jackets and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them.
Answer sentence: two men with dreadlocks sit on the street while a man in a hat and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men with dark hair wearing dark black shirts and black shirts are eating up some bread.
Answer sentence: two men with dark hair wearing glasses and black shirts eat bread while holding their hands up to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using tools on the side of a wall.
Answer sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using tools on the side of a wall.

Decoded sentence: two men with colorful their parachute are being dressed in a field.
Answer sentence: two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field.

Decoded sentence: two men with children on their shoulders.
Answer sentence: two men with children on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: two men with black sitting and taking bread and eating bread.
Answer sentence: two men with black rimmed glasses making faces and eating bread.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing in hockey and one with a red jersey and the other with a white jersey.
Answer sentence: two men who play in hockey, one with a red jersey and one with a white jersey, are fist fighting each other.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow are getting about to hit the ball as one is being about to hit the.
Answer sentence: two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing uniforms are trying to hit the same ball with wooden sticks.
Answer sentence: two men wearing uniforms, are trying to hit the same ball with wooden sticks.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks are jumping in the air while on the beach.
Answer sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.
Answer sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats with their in the top.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats with a flame at the top.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and sticks are walking near a body of water during an all doing some.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and are riding horseback after a bull after a bull.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and ponchos ride horseback after a bull.

Decoded sentence: two men stand around a large man holding a cane and a cane is standing against a large.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side.

Decoded sentence: two women, one playing the other the other is playing a man.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black clothes and hats, one is playing the saxophone and one is playing the trumpet.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing a white and hat and makeup makeup and makeup.
Answer sentence: two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing a outside and white t-shirt and a man with a pink apron on a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: two men wear plain white t-shirts and one man wears a blue one with a pink logo on the front.

Decoded sentence: two men waiting outside a door on a snowy night.
Answer sentence: two men waiting outside the door on a snowy night.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing no shirts look down from a ledge on the side of a gray structure.
Answer sentence: two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure.

Decoded sentence: two men talking to an older lady with a red hat and a brown jacket and others ) and the.
Answer sentence: two men talking to an older lady ( one with a red hat and black shirt and the other with a brown jacket.

Decoded sentence: two men talk and one of them is in the field while one holds his right on his left arm.
Answer sentence: two men talk while the one on the right holds in his left arm, and the one on the right holds a notebook behind him, they are in a field.

Decoded sentence: two men being sweeping in a large building with decorated walls and a woman.
Answer sentence: two men sweeping in a large building with decorated walls and pillars.

Decoded sentence: two men stop to talk near a sign together.
Answer sentence: two men stop to talk near a sign outside.

Decoded sentence: two men standing with an elephant next to a building.
Answer sentence: two men standing with an elephant next to a building.

Decoded sentence: two men standing on a fishing boat fishing in the ocean and setting they are setting behind.
Answer sentence: two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean, as the sun sets behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men stand at a chalkboard of a stone wall some in front of a stone wall and a group.
Answer sentence: two men stand at a chalkboard that forms part of a stone wall in front of a number of tables and chairs of which only a few are occupied.

Decoded sentence: two men skateboarding in the forest.
Answer sentence: two men skateboarding in the forest.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a couch playing music.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch, playing music together.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a bench talking with a group of glass in the background talking in the.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a bench talking, with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting in chairs waiting.
Answer sentence: two men sitting in chairs while waiting.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting on a couch talk.
Answer sentence: two men sit on a couch and talk.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting next to each other on the water and the water.
Answer sentence: two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat.

Decoded sentence: two men are dressed in bright orange and bright orange are shoveling snow off railroad.
Answer sentence: two men shoveling snow off a railroad track dressed in bright orange snowsuits.

Decoded sentence: two men are sharing a conversation in the middle of a park behind a short fence.
Answer sentence: two men share a conversation in the middle of a park, behind a short fence.

Decoded sentence: two men resting a snowy mountain together.
Answer sentence: two men resting uptop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men are raising their arms atop atop a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men are pushing a is pushing them while they are in the desert near a building and.
Answer sentence: two men pushing wheelbarrows, two men looking at them, they are in the desert near some block construction buildings.

Decoded sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.
Answer sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.

Decoded sentence: two men playing table tennis in a room with a all lighting.
Answer sentence: two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting.

Decoded sentence: two men playing in the right side of a frame one playing a ball towards a man and white.
Answer sentence: two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing sports and fighting for the ball.
Answer sentence: two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing the violin with a man stand in the foreground and the foreground 's.
Answer sentence: two men play the violin with a blurred music stand and another violinist 's hand in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing a field or hockey.
Answer sentence: two men play lacrosse or field hockey.

Decoded sentence: two men are painting a curb on a busy street corner.
Answer sentence: two men paint a curb on a busy street corner.

Decoded sentence: two men in yellow others riding in black riding on a river with a bucket on an bucket and.
Answer sentence: two men one in yellow the other in black riding in a boat on a river, with a bucket and an oar visible.

Decoded sentence: two men are holding up a bald team in two teams and a team in suits running up.
Answer sentence: two men one bald one black headed are holding up a team player in a two piece running suit.

Decoded sentence: two men on the top of a roof fixing it.
Answer sentence: two men on top of a roof fixing it.

Decoded sentence: two men on a snowy mountainside are cooking and their their teammates are sitting and their.
Answer sentence: two men on a snowy and rocky mountainside cook a meal while their teammates sit a little way away.

Decoded sentence: two men on motorcycles with a bucket and a.
Answer sentence: two men on a motorcycle with buckets and canisters.

Decoded sentence: two men on a construction site with their way and signs in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two men on a construction site with a one way sign in the foreground

Decoded sentence: two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.
Answer sentence: two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men on a balcony looking up at a table while two men look on at the balcony.
Answer sentence: two men on a balcony look up and point at something.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing chess while two young men sit on a white floor while a young girl looks.
Answer sentence: two men of southeast asian descent are sitting indian style on a bamboo floor, playing chess while two young boys watch in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men and a man smoking a blue leather helmet and a man pulling a blue construction and.
Answer sentence: two men near a building, one smoking and pulling off a leather glove, and the other man is standing wearing a blue construction helmet.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing pool and looking at each other.
Answer sentence: two men looking at each other and playing pool.

Decoded sentence: two men are lifting up a brown dog and it has a large blue rope and is grabbing a large.
Answer sentence: two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall.

Decoded sentence: a man in red shorts and a man in black shorts is being pulled.
Answer sentence: two men kickboxing, the man in the red shorts is kicking while the man in the black is blocking.

Decoded sentence: two men are kicking in the air and a man in a grassy area while one of them watches in.
Answer sentence: two men kick in the air at each other on a grassy area, while another man watches them in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men in yellow life jackets one wearing sunglasses and sunglasses sitting in a moving.
Answer sentence: two men in yellow life jackets, one wearing sunglasses, are sitting in a moving motor boat.

Decoded sentence: two men in white shirts with blue walk as their people stand to people walk and their side.
Answer sentence: two men in white shirts with suspenders, blue neckties, and gray hats, stand to the side as people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: two men in white hard hats stand beside a an two wall.
Answer sentence: two men in white hard hats are standing beside a graffiti-covered wall.

Decoded sentence: two men in teal are standing in front of a cafe with an open sign and on.
Answer sentence: two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety are working together.
Answer sentence: two men in safety harnesses work together.

Decoded sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange vests work in a road construction.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests work in road construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange vests and hard hats are at a parking wearing a four standing in a group.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests and hard hats are at a parking garage in the uk standing by a post.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange are shoveling snow off railroad tracks off.
Answer sentence: two men in orange coveralls shovel snow off railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: two men in light colored shirts sitting on a balcony conversing as a lone is passing his.
Answer sentence: two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below.

Decoded sentence: two men in life jackets working on a group while a small boy in a life jacket and woman.
Answer sentence: two men in life jackets working on a jet ski while a small boy in a life jacket and a woman look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow.
Answer sentence: two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats on the roof of a building under construction.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats on the roof of a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats and are looking at a young ship that is pointing at a.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats and work coveralls look at the docked ship one of them points at.

Decoded sentence: two men in dress shirts and holding a drink and a drink and holding a drink and drinks.
Answer sentence: two men in dress shirts and holding drinks are standing next to a guy in a pale blue sweater over a blue dress shirt.

Decoded sentence: two men in an with an on and the man in the jacket is working on the roof of a house.
Answer sentence: two men in chartreuse jackets and dungarees are working on the roof of a house.

Decoded sentence: two men in black shirts are doing a handstand on a stage.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts do handstands on a stage.

Decoded sentence: two men in black shirts stand outdoors near a few people in the grass.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts are standing outdoors near a few other people in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two men in black outfits have backpacks.
Answer sentence: two men in black outfits have backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men in black are jumping with their arms raised on a tennis court as a opposing team.
Answer sentence: two men in black jumped with arms raised on a tennis court, as the opposing team in white walk towards the net.

Decoded sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.
Answer sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: two men in black clothes at a meat shows red other is showing red on the red other.
Answer sentence: two men in black clothes at a meat market showing a red meat while workers in blue look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in black and black gloves are clear the other while the other is holding a wearing.
Answer sentence: two men in black are clearing brush, one has black gloves and a tattoo, the other is holding a machete.

Decoded sentence: two men in blue belt work on a construction project while one is wearing a hard hat and.
Answer sentence: two men in belt harnesses are working on a construction project, though only one wears his hard hat.

Decoded sentence: two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts are working behind a fence.
Answer sentence: two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.

Decoded sentence: two men in a tennis court in a city talking to each other on the other while standing in.
Answer sentence: two men in a tennis court in a city are standing on either side of the net talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in a.
Answer sentence: two men in a relaxed office setting and they are both looking at their computers and one has their feet propped up on the desk.

Decoded sentence: two men in a parking lot a giant bottle is carrying a giant bottle above his head and a.
Answer sentence: two men in a parking lot are carrying a giant beer bottle above their heads while a woman stands in front of them.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black top and a bright red pants and a bright red tennis is dressed as.
Answer sentence: two men in a jogging race on a black top street, one man wearing a black top and pants and the other is dressed as a nun with bright red tennis shoes, while onlookers stand in a grassy area and watch from behind a waist high metal railing.

Decoded sentence: two men in a walking jump over a rail at the same time to their shirts.
Answer sentence: two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts.

Decoded sentence: two men holding a skateboard man skateboarding.
Answer sentence: two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: two men are having an down an an children and having a discussion.
Answer sentence: two men having an intense discussion over drinks.

Decoded sentence: two men are hanging out.
Answer sentence: two men hanging out together.

Decoded sentence: two men enjoying a game of pool.
Answer sentence: two men enjoying a game of pool.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in winter coats stand outside in the snow and getting ready to eat in a.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in winter coats are standing outside in the snow in a picnic shelter, getting ready to eat.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in white shirts and white hats with blue scarf tied around their neck and.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in blue uniforms and one man with brown and brown and the other with an.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.

Decoded sentence: two men are to the doing a fallen with several stone people.
Answer sentence: two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch.

Decoded sentence: two men standing in front of a stone wall and others are in an outdoor table with writing.
Answer sentence: two men confer while standing in a front of a stone wall with writing on it, while others sit at outdoor tables in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men are cleaning snow from the roof and one is on the roof and the other is on the.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning snow from a roof, one 's in a lifter, while the other is actually on the roof.

Decoded sentence: two men are checking their barbecue in the stands around the man in the background.
Answer sentence: two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.

Decoded sentence: two men celebrating a win for a game.
Answer sentence: two men celebrating a win of a game.

Decoded sentence: two men carrying a while a man talk to a man in a white t-shirt on a porch.
Answer sentence: two men carrying a briefcase talk to another man in a white t-shirt on a porch.

Decoded sentence: two men are like a set for play set.
Answer sentence: two men building a set like for a play maybe.

Decoded sentence: two men people at the beach.
Answer sentence: two men barbecuing at a beach.

Decoded sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf.
Answer sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf.

Decoded sentence: two men wrestle and one man has a walking to his floor while a man on the floor is looking.
Answer sentence: two men are wrestling, one has the other pinned to the floor and the man on the floor is wincing in pain.

Decoded sentence: two men working together to make a small sign under a gold statue that is on a tree.
Answer sentence: two men are working together to hammer a small sign under a gold frog statue that is on the tree.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on a ladder.
Answer sentence: two men are working together on a ladder.

Decoded sentence: two men and two men walk on the street in front of a subway that has open stop.
Answer sentence: two men are walking on the street in front of a subway stop, and one has his umbrella opened and at his side.

Decoded sentence: two men walking down a dirt road with a gun and one is carrying a.
Answer sentence: two men are walking down a dirt road with guns, as one carries a dead animal from hunting.

Decoded sentence: two men located a few using a by a downtown area of a city area and trees by.
Answer sentence: two men are using phone-booths that are located shortly outside of the downtown area of a city, by some trees.

Decoded sentence: two men are kissing a cup of beer while two other men are.
Answer sentence: two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking with each other around a corner of some people and some of are building.
Answer sentence: two men are talking with each other around the corner of a cemented type of building.

Decoded sentence: two men standing beside a man and taking pictures.
Answer sentence: two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile.

Decoded sentence: two men stand while one has a body of a body and others.
Answer sentence: two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: two men stand outdoors holding a small grill and one of which is studying a small man who.
Answer sentence: two men are standing outdoors on a sunny day holding pieces of a new item, possibly a small grill, while one of the men studies the assembly instructions.

Decoded sentence: two men standing in a room pointing in opposite directions and a man is standing in a room.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a room, pointing in opposite directions, while another man is standing in between them looking to his left.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a police and of a police boat.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a police rescue boat.

Decoded sentence: two men standing in a group while appear to be looking at something.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a group appear to look at something.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing leather or two women, one dressed in a black and black.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a bullpen, one wearing leather chaps and holding a helmet, the other dressed in red and black.

Decoded sentence: two men and a person are swimming with a man and a person wearing a hand and the other.
Answer sentence: two men are squatting with one man lighting a stick from a candle flame and the other man has his hands folded looking at the ground while a person wearing a bracelet has a phone to their ear.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on computers working together.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting working on their computers.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on the ground and going through a backpack.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting at a table in a man who has a woman of a is who is being having a on.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant, one man has a slice of cake with a sparkler as a candle.

Decoded sentence: two men singing and playing guitar and playing with a cement structure sitting on the left.
Answer sentence: two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left.

Decoded sentence: two men are showing a fight and a man appears to be all or all are all who is all are all.
Answer sentence: two men are showing a fighting move while one man appears not to be enjoying it too much.

Decoded sentence: two men ride on horses through the street.
Answer sentence: two men are riding on horses through the street.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing guitar on the street, with money on the street and the dog is there.
Answer sentence: two men are playing a guitar for money on the street, and there are dogs on leashes around them.

Decoded sentence: two men look on in the distance looking on.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach looking in the distance.

Decoded sentence: two men are on the beach bending down with their feet and arms in the air at the same time.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach bending down with one foot and one arm in the air at the same time.

Decoded sentence: two men are making an on arm with their arms beneath it is being held beneath it.
Answer sentence: two men are making an arch with their arms and a third man is ducking beneath it.

Decoded sentence: two men are involved in a sword with a being two sword.
Answer sentence: two men are involved in sword fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men and two men are working together to have some of their are working at some of vehicles.
Answer sentence: two men are here and working together at the john deere 7200 type of machine or vehicle outside in the open air.

Decoded sentence: two men helping a man cross a stream.
Answer sentence: two men are helping another man cross a stream.

Decoded sentence: two men are cooking outside in a field with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: two men are cooking outside in a field with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men are carrying a child on the back down the street in a nice neighborhood on a nice.
Answer sentence: two men are carrying children on their backs down the street on a sunny day in a nice neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: two men are other in a counter with some form out and wait on their to them out.
Answer sentence: two men are at polling place counter, filling out forms : while a clerk in a red shirt and black pants waits on them.

Decoded sentence: two men with their red hair and a man playing the other hair together.
Answer sentence: two men and a young lady with red hair play wii together in the living room on a black leather sofa.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing jackets and hats are standing on a wet street, wearing hats and carrying.
Answer sentence: two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets, hats, and the woman carries an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two martial artist are two on the playing wearing their tie.
Answer sentence: two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on.

Decoded sentence: two women stand in a window taking a break while a man plays the instrument.
Answer sentence: two mannequins are standing in the window behind a man who is taking a break from playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: two males run and wearing black and black and navy while the red and black is the other.
Answer sentence: two males running, one wearing red and white, the other navy blue and black, outside on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two males and two stand on a dock playing and two standing in front of them.
Answer sentence: two males are sitting on a dock, one of which is playing guitar, and another two are standing in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two male workers talking outside a building.
Answer sentence: two male worker talking outside their building.

Decoded sentence: two male friends in swimming trunks are jumping on the beach while people in the background.
Answer sentence: two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand.

Decoded sentence: two male dancers dressed in blue shirts and black pants perform a routine in front of six.
Answer sentence: two male dancers dressed in blue shirts and black pants perform a routine in front of six women sitting beside them.

Decoded sentence: two little children and one little players are next to a base in a field.
Answer sentence: two little league players are next to a base in the field.

Decoded sentence: two little kids in a stroller are having makeup on a kiss like a band.
Answer sentence: two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band `` kiss ''.

Decoded sentence: two little kids giving a camera to try out a woman in black and black.
Answer sentence: two little kids are trying out their new cameras which probably were given by the women in black.

Decoded sentence: two little girls dressed in pink dresses and play on a jungle gym.
Answer sentence: two little girls, both dressed in pink, play on the jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two little girls sharing a color book and are sharing a color book.
Answer sentence: two little girls share a coloring book and crayons while sitting together at the table.

Decoded sentence: two little girls are playing in a yellow inflatable house.
Answer sentence: two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house.

Decoded sentence: two little girls are sitting on the shore of a lake and watching fishing from a boat and.
Answer sentence: two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake, watching someone fishing from a boat.

Decoded sentence: two little girls wearing all black are playing in a pose and a younger house on the floor.
Answer sentence: two little girls are playing in their house, one is on the floor grinning evilly wearing pink pajamas and the younger one is standing over her wearing a hairnet and mask and purple pajamas.

Decoded sentence: two girls and a boy are sitting on a grass.
Answer sentence: two little children, one boy and one girl, laugh as they sit on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two little children are getting up steps and getting up into an airplane.
Answer sentence: two little children are walking up some steps to get into an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two little boys and one with blue pants and the other with a blue shirt and gray pants,.
Answer sentence: two little boys, one with blue pants and shirt, and the other with blue shirt and gray pants, are playing with thomas the train toys on a hardwood floor.

Decoded sentence: two little boys up in their all up martial arts while one is in the other blocks one is.
Answer sentence: two little boys, from the waist up, in a martial arts match, one delivering a punch and the other blocking.

Decoded sentence: two little boys are being sits into a gray van and a little boy is in a and a car setting.
Answer sentence: two little boys climbing into the gray van and the third little boy secure in his car set.

Decoded sentence: two little boys and a baby girl sitting on striped outside and a striped baby.
Answer sentence: two little boys and a baby girl sit on a striped seat outside.

Decoded sentence: two little black boys are having a plastic and a lot of fun and having a lot fun.
Answer sentence: two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun.

Decoded sentence: two line of colorful cars racing on a racetrack.
Answer sentence: two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs are attempting each others while attempting to bite each other.
Answer sentence: two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.
Answer sentence: two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two ladies playing a london with a group of children and one in blue and the other in blue.
Answer sentence: two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing london bridges outside with a group of children.

Decoded sentence: two ladies in large woman are walking down the street.
Answer sentence: two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street.

Decoded sentence: two ladies in casual dress and one of the men are standing down a street at night.
Answer sentence: two ladies in casual dresses are walking down a street at night, while a couple of men stand next to a row of motorbikes.

Decoded sentence: two ladies dancing on a stage.
Answer sentence: two ladies dancing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two ladies walk on the road.
Answer sentence: two ladies are walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: two ladies seated at an arts table with books are seated at a table with books and in front.
Answer sentence: two ladies are seated opposite of each other at a craft table with books, papers, and scissors in front of them as one is observing the other 's work.

Decoded sentence: two ladies cross the street in front of a restaurant and the restaurant.
Answer sentence: two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two ladies cooking and talk in a opposite as two gentleman talk in a opposite site.
Answer sentence: two ladies are cooking & talking and two gentlemen are talking in the opposite site of the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two people are working on the roof with bright blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: two laborers are working on a roof with a bright blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: two kids with helmets playing with on the playing from a plastic cup and one looks by.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets playing with nerf swords while one looks on drinking from a plastic cup.

Decoded sentence: two kids with helmets are sitting down and one is upside down.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets on sitting outside while one looks down and the other straight ahead.

Decoded sentence: two kids wearing white robes and martial arts and one boy on the left the other is throwing.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing white robes are practicing martial arts ; boy on the left has blond-hair and is blocking a punch thrown by the dark-haired boy on the right.

Decoded sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirt stand next to a body of water and one is throwing the.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts stand next to a body of water, as one throws something into the water.

Decoded sentence: two kids running down sand and up to the beach.
Answer sentence: two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.

Decoded sentence: two kids are playing soccer in a field.
Answer sentence: two kids play soccer in a field.

Decoded sentence: two kids are playing hockey on a pond.
Answer sentence: two kids play hockey on a pond.

Decoded sentence: two kids in green trees.
Answer sentence: two kids in a green tree.

Decoded sentence: two kids look up to have no shirt and the other has no shirt on her head with his head.
Answer sentence: two kids are looking up, one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head.

Decoded sentence: two together using a as a crowd of people are performing for a crowd sitting on the steps.
Answer sentence: two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: two men with their hands shooting and are shooting home and shooting home of them on a.
Answer sentence: two jacketed men with double-barreled shotguns carry home prey that they have shot on a hunting trip on a muddy country road.

Decoded sentence: two infant are at a play in a yard.
Answer sentence: two infants are at play in the yard.

Decoded sentence: two that are of an are two males wrestle while wrestling on a cement floor.
Answer sentence: two individuals, one male and one unknown, playfully wrestle on a cement floor while five onlookers smile.

Decoded sentence: two individuals on the beach jumping with their arms and their arms spread spread.
Answer sentence: two individuals on a beach jumping up with their arms and legs spread wide open.

Decoded sentence: two individuals working a food booth.
Answer sentence: two individuals are working a food booth.

Decoded sentence: two horses are pulling a woman in a cart.
Answer sentence: two horses are pulling a woman in a cart.

Decoded sentence: two horse and one in a checkered blue and red are racing against the street, and one in.
Answer sentence: two horse racing jockeys, one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown, are racing against a blurry background.

Decoded sentence: two hockey teams are showing the goal and a white team are stopped at the goal that is.
Answer sentence: two hockey teams are shown at the goal where the white team is stopping a goal being made by the blue team.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players stand and competing for the puck while the goalie is crouching for the.
Answer sentence: two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players in yellow and one of the puck are competing against each other and one.
Answer sentence: two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck.

Decoded sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes and a section are covered on snow covered.
Answer sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.

Decoded sentence: two men horses are playing in a field.
Answer sentence: two healthy horses play in a field.

Decoded sentence: two guys and one is wearing a white shirt and one wearing a gray shirt are in the street.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a gray shirt, are in the street in front of a white van, one motioning towards the camera while the other claps.

Decoded sentence: two guys wearing blue jackets and the other is wearing a red jersey and the other is wearing.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.

Decoded sentence: two guys on a shirt, others in a maroon sweater are playing a video game in a light blue.
Answer sentence: two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.

Decoded sentence: two guys wearing white suits one with a black belt and black belt as they are both have.
Answer sentence: two guys, both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt, they are having a match.

Decoded sentence: two guys with their playing on a man hair stand together.
Answer sentence: two guys with fake facial hair stand together.

Decoded sentence: two guys sorting through items.
Answer sentence: two guys sorting through some items.

Decoded sentence: two guys and a man are singing and one short and has long colored and has long guitar out.
Answer sentence: two guys performing rock concert, one has short blond-hair who is singing, and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar.

Decoded sentence: two guys and a play set of a tv screen and singing while a few big set of their snow set.
Answer sentence: two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings, ( presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums.

Decoded sentence: two guys in blue shirts stand on the top of a construction surface doing the work.
Answer sentence: two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.

Decoded sentence: two men and others have no shirt on their hands and the other has a black shirt and has.
Answer sentence: two guys in a mirror, one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving.

Decoded sentence: two guys in a with a with orange shirt and an orange shirt laughing.
Answer sentence: two guys in a locker room, the guy in the orange shirt laughing.

Decoded sentence: two guys in a boat and looks along the ocean.
Answer sentence: two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.

Decoded sentence: two guys getting drinks at a store counter.
Answer sentence: two guys getting a drink at a store counter.

Decoded sentence: two guys and one in a blue shirt are bending down.
Answer sentence: two guys barbecuing, one in blue shirt bending down, while the other in black shorts stands facing his back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two guys are on a skateboard in the woods.
Answer sentence: two guys are on skateboards in the woods.

Decoded sentence: two men and two guys are in black pants and down a room.
Answer sentence: two guys against a wall, one is in black pants and is upside down, the other man is in khaki rolled up pants holding the other one up.

Decoded sentence: two two which are looking off into the distance while one is being covered off into the.
Answer sentence: two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun.

Decoded sentence: two golden riders running in a snowy desert meeting.
Answer sentence: two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert.

Decoded sentence: two golden horses are pulling a run by a woman in a blue coat to driving.
Answer sentence: two golden brown horses pull a sleigh driven by a woman in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: two girls in the background and wearing black and purple and a girl wearing a black shirt.
Answer sentence: two girls, the one in the background is wearing black, while the other girl in the foreground is wearing khaki shorts, a purple shirt and sneakers and gesturing like she is blowing a kiss.

Decoded sentence: two girls with their arms held holding their arms around a girl with a black shirt and.
Answer sentence: two girls with their arms holding a girl with a blue shirt and black belt around her upper body.

Decoded sentence: two girls with purple hair and a sitting and looking.
Answer sentence: two girls with purple hair and a short-haired woman are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two girls walking through an alley.
Answer sentence: two girls walking through an alley.

Decoded sentence: two girls sitting on the stairs talking.
Answer sentence: two girls talking while sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: two girls swing on all wearing blue shirts and blue shirts and the same boy.
Answer sentence: two girls swing on with a boy, all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two girls in gray and gray dresses and black striped dresses are playing with a hula hoop.
Answer sentence: two girls one in a gray dress the other in a black striped dress are playing with hula hoops.

Decoded sentence: two girls are lifting a third girl.
Answer sentence: two girls lift a third girl.

Decoded sentence: two girls in pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching white and black shirts.
Answer sentence: two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.

Decoded sentence: two girls one wearing a blue and face one is facing the other wearing a red and black shirt.
Answer sentence: two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt, the other is wearing a beaded belt.

Decoded sentence: two girls are crouching in front of a bush and talk on the phone.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones.

Decoded sentence: two girls are crouching in front of a garden of young are in some of.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of a garden of small shrubbery.

Decoded sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.
Answer sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.

Decoded sentence: two girls talking while walking along the street.
Answer sentence: two girls are walking along the street and talking.

Decoded sentence: two girls sitting in a home while others are doing the floor while others are sitting on.
Answer sentence: two girls are sitting in their home and one of them is sitting on a chair, the other on the floor getting her hair done.

Decoded sentence: two girls playing soccer with one is wearing a white shirt, one is showing the other girl.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing soccer and one is wearing a white shirt with green shorts showing the number 4, while the other girl is wearing a red and white shirt.

Decoded sentence: two girls stand in a crowd looking in different directions and different directions.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two girls look for a `` is on the beach as one looks at the other pointing his other pointing.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.

Decoded sentence: two girls are in bathing suits and on a girl.
Answer sentence: two girls are in a bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: two girls and one wearing white are competing as one wearing blue and white is on the floor.
Answer sentence: two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her.

Decoded sentence: two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: two gentleman in suits are enjoying talking and talking.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in suits talk while enjoying a drink.

Decoded sentence: two gentleman in baseball caps and shirt work on an something in an old looking blanket.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in baseball caps and shirts, work on the engine of an old, rusted vw beetle.

Decoded sentence: two gentleman one on the right hand and one on a purple motorcycle racing around their.
Answer sentence: two gentleman, one on a purple motorcycle one on a green one, racing around a tight right hand turn.

Decoded sentence: two friends are all next to a closed shop door.
Answer sentence: two friends next to a closed shop door embrace.

Decoded sentence: two foreign women selling different type of food and black and black is selling some type.
Answer sentence: two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.

Decoded sentence: two people in hard hats and on are wearing tank tank as they walk behind.
Answer sentence: two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.

Decoded sentence: two football players compete for the ball while his teammates look on.
Answer sentence: two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on.

Decoded sentence: two football players chasing after a ball.
Answer sentence: two football players chase after a the ball.

Decoded sentence: two firemen are turning water on a hose in a hose.
Answer sentence: two firemen turning the water on in the hoses.

Decoded sentence: two firemen standing next to a firetruck in the dark.
Answer sentence: two firemen standing next a firetruck in the dark.

Decoded sentence: two females wearing yellow dresses and black shorts and the other shorts are posing for.
Answer sentence: two females, one wearing a yellow dress, the other wearing a white top and black shorts posing for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two females walking down the street with shopping bags.
Answer sentence: two females walking down the street with shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: two females in bikinis and a female table are playing tennis at the beach.
Answer sentence: two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches.

Decoded sentence: two females wearing bikini and a bikini top, a short and very shorts and a very very yellow.
Answer sentence: two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: two females on rugby on a field and one with a blue uniform and white uniform.
Answer sentence: two females are playing rugby on a field, one with a blue uniform and one with a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: two female members of the team are performing the women surrounded by two female men and.
Answer sentence: two female members of team usa performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members.

Decoded sentence: two female cheerleaders are being pushed into the air by an male is doing a newspaper.
Answer sentence: two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders.

Decoded sentence: two feet feet wearing yellow ski boots on skis.
Answer sentence: two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski

Decoded sentence: two in dressed young ladies sitting back on the back and watching them in the city.
Answer sentence: two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them.

Decoded sentence: two elderly women examine a cake on a table.
Answer sentence: two elderly women examine a cake on a table.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation and eating something.
Answer sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people are sitting in the wearing chairs on the train.
Answer sentence: two elderly people sit in handicapped chairs on a train.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are waiting to their hands while waiting for their hands to their hands is being.
Answer sentence: two dogs, that are tied to the building, patiently wait for their master to return.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle in the field.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are trying to reach each other and in the opposite direction while they reach.
Answer sentence: two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes.

Decoded sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs stand on the sand surrounded by water and a person on a horse is being surrounded.
Answer sentence: two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water, a deflated basketball and a person on a horse.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are splashing through the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs splash through the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs shaking off water on the beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs running near a river while a dog in the swimming.
Answer sentence: two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs run through a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running there on the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running down the road.
Answer sentence: two dogs run down the road.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running along a grassy field and one is biting the other.
Answer sentence: two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing outdoors

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the water on a beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in water on the beach

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at a beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs on a leash to each other toward the others are walking away from each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs in the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.

Decoded sentence: two dogs fighting in a forest with two other men in the background and one man in the background.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in a forest, with the legs of two men in jeans in the background

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running through the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing the rough green field in a green field.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are on a white carpet with one dog to the other showing a being shows.
Answer sentence: two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool and being hands in the water to their yellow.
Answer sentence: two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red frisbee outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red frisbee outside.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow are sitting next to the pipe while wearing yellow.
Answer sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow rubber boots are sitting next to some pipes.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers sitting on the pipe while one is wearing a face.
Answer sentence: two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves, obscuring his face.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are operating a machine to work.
Answer sentence: two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers doing their job.
Answer sentence: two construction workers doing their job.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers cutting a piece of concrete road.
Answer sentence: two construction workers cutting a piece of concrete road.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are blue in a her truck of an urban truck at an urban site.
Answer sentence: two construction workers assist in the loading of a dump truck at an urban construction site.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are digging up the pavement on the road.
Answer sentence: two construction workers are digging up pavement on a road.

Decoded sentence: two clown dressed in elaborate makeup stand with instruments.
Answer sentence: two clowns dressed in makeup and elaborate clothing stand together with their instruments.

Decoded sentence: two climbers climbers are getting their steep top, two of them are being attempting to.
Answer sentence: two climbers attempting to climb a steep, snow-covered peak, nearing the top, where two other climbers await them.

Decoded sentence: two children running toward the photographer with a building and a building in the background.
Answer sentence: two children, running toward the photographer, with a dilapidated tents in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children stand on the beach as one of two children hold a stick and is setting.
Answer sentence: two children, one of which is holding a stick, are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing winter coats and a older boy are walking down the sidewalk while an.
Answer sentence: two children, an older boy and a younger girl, are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats.

Decoded sentence: two children and a male and a female playing doctor and a child is coming for to their.
Answer sentence: two children, a male and a female, playing doctor and nurse, pretending to care for a baby.

Decoded sentence: two children and a boy in blue shorts and a girl in blue shorts and a conversation in a.
Answer sentence: two children, a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper, have a conversation in the hallway of a church.

Decoded sentence: two children with yellow umbrella playing in the other wearing a blue.
Answer sentence: two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing hats hanging onto the of a of.
Answer sentence: two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees.

Decoded sentence: two children walk down a path into the woods.
Answer sentence: two children walk down a path into the woods.

Decoded sentence: two children at a skateboard talk and doing a jump on blue skateboards and doing a jump.
Answer sentence: two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.

Decoded sentence: two children running with no shoes on.
Answer sentence: two children running with no shoes on.

Decoded sentence: two children running in a field that is with a fence in the background and a other is a.
Answer sentence: two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains

Decoded sentence: two children are running towards a.
Answer sentence: two children run towards the lagoon.

Decoded sentence: two children running and playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two children run and play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children are riding a laugh on the sidewalk in front of a painted wall.
Answer sentence: two children ride their tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing at the beach while one child in pink is drawing and a other child.
Answer sentence: two children playing at a beach, one in pink, drawing in the sand and the second child, in green, standing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two children are lying on an all bench at a museum while four adults look on.
Answer sentence: two children lie on puffy benches at a museum while four adults look on.

Decoded sentence: two children in a mask and a mask are standing down on an older wood floor and has a tattoo.
Answer sentence: two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor.

Decoded sentence: two children holding a peace sign up `` the peace sign.
Answer sentence: two children holding up peace signs and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two children are eating food.
Answer sentence: two children eating food.

Decoded sentence: two children are reading stones with a that is on it while people in the background are.
Answer sentence: two children display a stone with dialect on it while people in the background are reading.

Decoded sentence: two children are being shows upside down.
Answer sentence: two children are shown upside down.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing with a group in wide open and the rain.
Answer sentence: two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing on a girls barrel swing.
Answer sentence: two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: two children are on the beach and playing in the wet sand.
Answer sentence: two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand.

Decoded sentence: two children look at something that is showing the adults shows them.
Answer sentence: two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.

Decoded sentence: two children are laughing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two children are laughing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children climbing stairs while leading the stairs.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing stairs which lead to an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two children are climbing on a wall and whilst a white building whilst playing with a green.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing on the wall of a white building whilst one child plays with a green ball.

Decoded sentence: two children are at a his his is at the water that has pouring water and a bowl.
Answer sentence: two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl.

Decoded sentence: two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Answer sentence: two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two cheerleaders in blue pants and dark an dark `` girl '' `` another woman is blue top.
Answer sentence: two cheerleaders in dark blue pants and bra style top with yellow pompoms mid cheer.

Decoded sentence: two buildings in a concrete wall facing a walkway with woman talking on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two brunette ladies wearing white and white holding a play golf stand by a huge billboard.
Answer sentence: two brunette ladies walking wearing white flowing dress passes by a huge billboard of a father and son playing golf.

Decoded sentence: two brown and black dogs jumping fence.
Answer sentence: two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence.

Decoded sentence: two brightly colored chicken stand outside of a.
Answer sentence: two brightly colored chickens stand outside of a pub.

Decoded sentence: two boys and two girls and two girls are getting ready for an amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: two boys, two girls, strapped in and ready for an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: two boys and one in red and one fight during the something fight over the other ball and.
Answer sentence: two boys, one in a red and one in a white uniform, fight for control over the ball during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: two boys with their unicycle stand outside of a street shop.
Answer sentence: two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing red jackets and a small boy in yellow boots have yellow boots.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt, the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets with white are sitting on what appears to be a deck.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets with white dots, are sitting on what appears to be the deck of a boat

Decoded sentence: two boys trying to attached to a fruit fruit on a dirt road.
Answer sentence: two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two boys are splashing in a big ocean.
Answer sentence: two boys splash in the big ocean.

Decoded sentence: two boys sand to a drinking fountain in a park.
Answer sentence: two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.

Decoded sentence: two boys are posing in front of an together sign that is attached to a fence which is attached.
Answer sentence: two boys pose in front of a prehistoric garden sign that is attached to a chain link fence, while shrubbery grows in the background.

Decoded sentence: two boys playing around the shore of a lake and boy in a teal shirt throwing a rock in.
Answer sentence: two boys playing around the shores of a lake with one boy in a teal shirt throwing rocks into the lake.

Decoded sentence: two boys are performing something appears to be a kiss scene in a lunch room.
Answer sentence: two boys performing what appears to be a kissing scene in lunch room.

Decoded sentence: two boys making a silly pose next to a sign.
Answer sentence: two boys make silly poses next to a sign.

Decoded sentence: two boys are kicking around a ball in the watching.
Answer sentence: two boys kick around a ball in a meadow.

Decoded sentence: two boys in black swimming trunks hold their arms and leg on the beach.
Answer sentence: two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two boys with black shorts and gray shorts are running together together with each other.
Answer sentence: two boys are standing in the middle of the street, the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward.

Decoded sentence: two boys ready to their ball at a tennis match in front.
Answer sentence: two boys are ready to receive a ball at a tennis match.

Decoded sentence: two boys are playing in the sprinkler.
Answer sentence: two boys are playing in a sprinkler.

Decoded sentence: two boys participate in a relay race with the evening.
Answer sentence: two boys are participating in a relay race with a baton.

Decoded sentence: two boys and two girls are jumping while they have their photo taken.
Answer sentence: two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken.

Decoded sentence: two blond women are sitting outside a few people wearing casual chairs and wearing casual.
Answer sentence: two blond women sit outside as people walk by wearing casual clothing and some wearing bookbags.

Decoded sentence: two blond women sitting at a with a outside and glass table and serving themselves from.
Answer sentence: two blond women serve themselves from a platter while sitting at a banquet table with glasses of red wine.

Decoded sentence: two blond women in red shirts face away from the edge of a seated crowd facing a crowd.
Answer sentence: two blond women in red shirt facing away from the camera, standing at the edge of a seated crowd.

Decoded sentence: two blond boys and one in the other fight are having a water fight.
Answer sentence: two blond boys, one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue, are having a water fight.

Decoded sentence: two black women in a fancy uniform.
Answer sentence: two black women in fancy uniforms

Decoded sentence: two black women watching a performance.
Answer sentence: two black women are watching a performance.

Decoded sentence: two black men standing near a table with the two wood and one of the wood.
Answer sentence: two black men standing near table with planks of wood and examining something.

Decoded sentence: two black men in.
Answer sentence: two black men in u.s. military uniform are on a balcony.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs are splashing around together on the beach.
Answer sentence: two black dogs splash around on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs are running on the pavement.
Answer sentence: two black dogs are running on pavement

Decoded sentence: two bikers wearing black and red uniforms are on a race together the road.
Answer sentence: two bikers wearing black and red uniforms pedal as they race on the road.

Decoded sentence: two bike riders are riding a road through a white and on a subway filled with a white biker.
Answer sentence: two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.

Decoded sentence: two bicyclists talking and riding down a street people past.
Answer sentence: two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking.

Decoded sentence: two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two beige dogs are playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two baseball players stand looking at the pitcher to be the other another is getting a.
Answer sentence: two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another.

Decoded sentence: two barefoot boys in brightly colored clothing colored clothing are sitting on a stone.
Answer sentence: two barefoot young african boys in brightly colored clothing are sitting on a stone floor, one holding a clear bottle of water with a second, blue bottle on the floor between his legs.

Decoded sentence: two barefoot girls are taking a walk with their parents.
Answer sentence: two barefoot girls are taking a walk with their parents

Decoded sentence: two bald men and one sitting at a computer are in front of a building he is in front of.
Answer sentence: two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains.

Decoded sentence: two men and one man are in a bedroom.
Answer sentence: two bald men in a bedroom with one man working on a desktop computer and the observing while seated on the bed next to him.

Decoded sentence: two athletes and one with red shorts and the other with blue shorts and blue shorts jumping.
Answer sentence: two athletes, one with red shorts and shirt and the other with blue shorts jumping through hurdles with cameramen behind them snapping photos.

Decoded sentence: two asian women smiling and laughing.
Answer sentence: two asian women smiling and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two asian people and a woman are sitting in front of a glass window.
Answer sentence: two asian or spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls are running down a hallway as a girl in behind them walk down a hallway.
Answer sentence: two asian girls are smiling and running down a hallway as another girl and man walk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two asian females go their walking.
Answer sentence: two asian females go walking.

Decoded sentence: two adults and a female female with the people are walking across the street from some.
Answer sentence: two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two adults and a clown walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two adults, a child, and a clown walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two adults on a cellphone downtown.
Answer sentence: two adults on cellphones downtown.

Decoded sentence: two adults hold signs and hold a child for the peace.
Answer sentence: two adults hold a sign which says `` teaching children for peace ''.

Decoded sentence: two adults are working on a piece of wood.
Answer sentence: two adults are working on a piece of wood

Decoded sentence: two adults and a little boy are sitting on a an it in front of a two two looking at the.
Answer sentence: two adults and a little boy sit on a homey exterior porch in front of an exotic flora and fauna nature scene.

Decoded sentence: two adults are place their on a and a riding table.
Answer sentence: two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table.

Decoded sentence: two women standing on a truck and trash truck.
Answer sentence: two rubbish men standing on their truck loading trash.

Decoded sentence: two together are looking large as the as the one is being man and is.
Answer sentence: two pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling.

Decoded sentence: two young guys stand on a standing field of a field and one has a with a with a with his.
Answer sentence: two mexican guys standing on outskirts of a field, one has a machete knife and the other has cigarette in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: two indian women loading to carry a brick on their heads.
Answer sentence: two indian women loading bricks to carry on their heads.

Decoded sentence: two their their their one wearing a playing with a stick.
Answer sentence: two german shepherds playing with a stick.

Decoded sentence: two chinese women at an man and a an man and a third store some of money that are red for.
Answer sentence: two chinese women at the cash and rap store third women counting her money for her purchase.

Decoded sentence: two asians are engaged in a posing and waiting for a window.
Answer sentence: two asians engage in a staring contest while they wait for the train.

Decoded sentence: two asian women are putting a while a beautiful background of long.
Answer sentence: two asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: two asian women sitting at a farmer and a group of people, are sitting at a farmer and.
Answer sentence: two asian women and an asian girl are sitting at a farmers market and are selling produce including yams.

Decoded sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in a midst of a crowd full of motorcycles.
Answer sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in the midst of a crowd full of other motorcycle riders.

Decoded sentence: two asian males smile with their man celebrating an to smile with an man and woman are.
Answer sentence: two asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls hold trash in front of a billboard.
Answer sentence: two asian girls hold a trash beg in front of a billboard.

Decoded sentence: two asian are two chinese are playing chess on a bench.
Answer sentence: two asian elders are playing chinese chess on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two african together one wearing a guitar and the other wearing a cowboy hat and the other.
Answer sentence: two african americans are together and one is wearing a cowboy hat while playing the guitar while the other is standing with sunglasses on.

Decoded sentence: two african american men wearing vests as an american man wearing a blue shirt with a all.
Answer sentence: two african american men wearing vests, as one african american man wearing a blue shirt with an emblem direct people or machinery.

Decoded sentence: two african american males looking into the camera while being taken into the camera.
Answer sentence: two african american males looking into the camera while their photo is taken.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in purple sweater with gray and black sweater and black pants, shoes and.
Answer sentence: twins dressed identically in purple and gold sweaters with gray pants and black shoes, holding on to each other.

Decoded sentence: a truck is filled with two sitting and a man in a from the back looking at them with a.
Answer sentence: truck filled with 5 gallons bottles in the back and a man on top looking at them.

Decoded sentence: a man and a being blue and red man in the wind.
Answer sentence: triangular blue and red flags flutter in the wind.

Decoded sentence: the is looking at the right to the right.
Answer sentence: trees obscure a building to the right.

Decoded sentence: a tree in the foreground two men playing golf in the background.
Answer sentence: tree in the foreground, two men playing golf in the background.

Decoded sentence: the trash ground is blue.
Answer sentence: trash litters the ground.

Decoded sentence: the trampoline is fun way to someone.
Answer sentence: trampolines are a fun way to exercise.

Decoded sentence: tourists using how to get a woman to the young sun and ocean.
Answer sentence: tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean.

Decoded sentence: a man and old man are children in a chair and wearing navy hats and navy pants.
Answer sentence: topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking up a rocky path.
Answer sentence: topless men walking up a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: a toddler with his something around around his mouth.
Answer sentence: toddler with milk around his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.
Answer sentence: toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.

Decoded sentence: a toddler sitting on the carpet and another is sitting on the carpet.
Answer sentence: toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar.

Decoded sentence: a toddler in a red hat holding on to the railing.
Answer sentence: toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.

Decoded sentence: a tire track is cutting a outside in the snow covered road.
Answer sentence: tire tracks have cut marks in the snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: some two of them are seen on the floor while one eating at a nice restaurant while he is.
Answer sentence: through windows into a building, we see on one floor people eating at a nice restaurant, while on the floor below we see a working man looking out at us from where he kneels between shelves and boxes.

Decoded sentence: the of which is seen the back of a seat of a grill 's looking through the as the others.
Answer sentence: through the truck 's rear window you can see the back of the seats as well as the rear view mirror.

Decoded sentence: three younger ladies dressed in warm weather walk down the sidewalk with palm trees and.
Answer sentence: three younger heavyset ladies, dressed nicely in warm weather clothing adjusting themselves while walking down a sidewalk with palm trees in the background and two younger men following several feet behind.

Decoded sentence: three young women wearing wetsuit and two on the beach are with the camera.
Answer sentence: three young women wearing wetsuits on beach, two gesturing at camera.

Decoded sentence: three young women standing in front of a photo booth.
Answer sentence: three young women standing in front of a photo booth.

Decoded sentence: three young women in a city and two of them are standing in the middle of a group with.
Answer sentence: three young women in a city crowd are standing together and two of them are in the middle of high-fives with one another.

Decoded sentence: three young people are standing together and covered area with a stroll.
Answer sentence: three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.

Decoded sentence: three young men look and smiling at a busy street while two young men are riding their.
Answer sentence: three young men, two riding a motorbike on a busy street, looking at something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three young men are standing in front of a of a of a few are wearing blue jeans and a conversation.
Answer sentence: three young men wearing blue jeans stand in front of a garage while having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three young men standing in a field of a barbecue smiling and one is giving the other two.
Answer sentence: three young men standing in a field behind a barbecue smiling each giving the two handed thumbs up sign

Decoded sentence: three young men stand against a wall talking while a young boy holds a poster.
Answer sentence: three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster.

Decoded sentence: three young men and a young man are reading a wooden cross a wooden landscape in a landscape.
Answer sentence: three young men read the plaque on a wooden cross in a rocky landscape, one young man is talking on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young men are playing a game of `` the `` two '' in them are looking so to the of.
Answer sentence: three young men playing a game of monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing.

Decoded sentence: three young men are drinking and one drinking a beer from a bottle.
Answer sentence: three young men lounge while drinking beer from bottles.

Decoded sentence: three young men are resting on a bench near a food stand and a few are passing by.
Answer sentence: three young men are resting on a bench near a food stand while other visitors or shoppers are passing close by.

Decoded sentence: three young men are giving a woman on a small barbecue while a barbecue and is giving a.
Answer sentence: three young men are giving the thumbs up sign while grilling sausages on a small barbecue.

Decoded sentence: three young men are sitting together on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three young men are celebrating together in public.

Decoded sentence: three young men and a young woman wearing all sneakers are leaping at midair in the top.
Answer sentence: three young men and a young woman wearing sneakers are leaping in midair at the top of a flight of concrete stairs.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are discussing their cellphones and being blue on.
Answer sentence: three young girls chapping and texting on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are taking part in a martial arts.
Answer sentence: three young girls are taking part in martial arts.

Decoded sentence: three young girls stand on three three people in a gym.
Answer sentence: three young girls are standing on three balance beams in a gym.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are sitting on a green and white tiled floor.
Answer sentence: three young girls are sitting on a green and white tiled floor.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are having fun and playing and playing on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three young girls are having fun, jumping and playing on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three young children are being feeding the beach and water from blue containers.
Answer sentence: three young children feeding a turtle water from a blue container.

Decoded sentence: three young children are some of of the two boys are posing on the background and a mountain.
Answer sentence: three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.

Decoded sentence: three young boys are sitting outside at a where they are being young young boy looks between.
Answer sentence: three young boys sitting outside are looking at something obscured between them.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with mud on the beach.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with the mud on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in a park.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in the park.

Decoded sentence: three young adults and a guy behind the one of them is a guy and he 's like he is being.
Answer sentence: three young adults are sitting around, with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing, and the guy behind him looks like he 's in midsentence.

Decoded sentence: three workers in all orange clothing cleaning the subway tracks.
Answer sentence: three workers in fluorescent orange clothing cleaning the subway tracks.

Decoded sentence: three workers are working on a metal roof.
Answer sentence: three workers are working on a metal roof

Decoded sentence: three women and one woman laugh with their backs to the camera.
Answer sentence: three women, one with her back to the camera, laugh while standing in front of a wall with two framed photos and a chalkboard with prices.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing white and white are dancing.
Answer sentence: three women wearing white gowns are dancing.

Decoded sentence: three women laughing and wearing blue walk along a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three women wearing blue walk along a sidewalk while laughing and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three women standing by a table with drinks on it on the city.
Answer sentence: three women standing by a table with drinks on it on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting and waiting for something on a bench.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and waiting for something on a bench.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign under a sign.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign jane.

Decoded sentence: three women dressed in standing outside each other, one is dressed to the the same.
Answer sentence: three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another.

Decoded sentence: three women are leaving an on a goods with their carts and carts.
Answer sentence: three women leave ikea with goods on carts.

Decoded sentence: three women are jumping very there to the other in a.
Answer sentence: three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town.

Decoded sentence: three women in sports sports play volleyball on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: three women in headscarves and orange examine a camera.
Answer sentence: three women in headscarves examine a camera.

Decoded sentence: three women in are standing around a park area of a is looking around a park in a woman.
Answer sentence: three women in gypsy skirts stand around the parking area for the notre dame in france.

Decoded sentence: three women in dresses are outside in the background.
Answer sentence: three women in dresses and headscarves outside.

Decoded sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.
Answer sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.

Decoded sentence: three women at a shopping mall and one has a dog and one is playing with a necklace.
Answer sentence: three women at a shopping mall, one has a dog, one is on her cellphone, one is playing with her necklace.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting in front of computers and people stand in front of them.
Answer sentence: three women are sitting in front of computers while people stand in front of them with small papers.

Decoded sentence: three women running through a puddle and two women behind them.
Answer sentence: three women are running through a puddle, and there are two women behind them.

Decoded sentence: three women are riding in a carriage.
Answer sentence: three women are riding in a carriage together.

Decoded sentence: three women playing softball and one of them is running the other.
Answer sentence: three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.

Decoded sentence: a man next to a floating object.
Answer sentence: three women and a child looking at something in the water, a man is next to the floating object.

Decoded sentence: three women walk alone in a another area in a standing area of a white and black.
Answer sentence: three woman walk, in their hijab, alone in an area of muslim denomination.

Decoded sentence: three white men are singing and performing on a stage at a concert.
Answer sentence: three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert.

Decoded sentence: three two two women dancing in a parade while dancing.
Answer sentence: three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade.

Decoded sentence: three traffic light hanging over the an in a an in a an wearing a two.
Answer sentence: three traffic lights hang over wilson street.

Decoded sentence: three track runners are in the process of a line to a window that is being crossing during.
Answer sentence: three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an olympic type sporting event.

Decoded sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.
Answer sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers in yellow shirts cooking food.
Answer sentence: three teenagers in yellow shirts cooking colorful food.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers and one of which is carrying a teenagers down a street.
Answer sentence: three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: three street musicians wearing brown coats are playing a drum and a group of men in front.
Answer sentence: three street musicians wearing brown coats play the drums and trumpet in front of a store.

Decoded sentence: three men and three men are walking and walking in front of a third parked car with the.
Answer sentence: three stout men wearing shorts are walking past a third man sitting in front of a parked car in front of a building with the word factory.

Decoded sentence: three soccer players are trying to are trying to are two in blue and one on the other in.
Answer sentence: three soccer players, the one in blue and red possess the ball and the one on white is trying to steal it away.

Decoded sentence: three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt, are rollerblading on a street.
Answer sentence: three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt are rollerblading on a shiny marble courtyard.

Decoded sentence: three eating people near a tree drinking and drinking near a tree with three people standing.
Answer sentence: three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background.

Decoded sentence: three school boys posing under a blue umbrella.
Answer sentence: three school boys posing under a blue umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three road workers are working on a dirt ramp next to a highway.
Answer sentence: three road workers work on dirt ramp next to highway.

Decoded sentence: three police officers on motorcycles with pedestrians walk on the sidewalk in the background.
Answer sentence: three police officers on motorcycles on the street with pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in the background.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting in front of trees and two males are sitting in front of a tree on.
Answer sentence: three people, two males and a female, are sitting in front of a tall tree on the ground during a rest from a hike.

Decoded sentence: three people smile and smile while playing cards.
Answer sentence: three people, smiling while playing cards.

Decoded sentence: three people are working in an office with large very large and a very large t-shirt and.
Answer sentence: three people, one with a black shirt, one with a navy blue jacket, and one with a red t-shirt, working in an office with a large messy bookshelf.

Decoded sentence: three people stand around wearing costumes and standing.
Answer sentence: three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sit between two stone statue.
Answer sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues.

Decoded sentence: three people walk past a construction zone that has orange plastic women and a other is.
Answer sentence: three people walk past a construction zone fenced off with orange plastic fencing.

Decoded sentence: three people walk on the grass together to be sitting on a grass behind of a few people.
Answer sentence: three people walk on grass adjacent to a river.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in a line to buy and eating something with a fair and there 's a mountain.
Answer sentence: three people stand in line waiting to buy something to eat at a fair booth selling martins ' famous louisiana sausage 's ( sic ).

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a river and one is throwing a city into it.
Answer sentence: three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it.

Decoded sentence: three people are a two being blue on the edge of a lake.
Answer sentence: three people squat down on the edge of a lake.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting in an are looking at an animal while a guy is looking up and a picture.
Answer sentence: three people sitting in what looks like an rv, one guy is looking at us, the other two are facing forward, there 's a picture of jesus hanging up.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting around waiting in their.
Answer sentence: three people sit waiting in a lobby.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting in chairs on the grass while while people in the distance facing the.
Answer sentence: three people sit in chairs on the grass facing each other, while three more people in the distance by some trees watch them.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting around a table with laptop and food on it.
Answer sentence: three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it.

Decoded sentence: three people are singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: three people sing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: three people are posing with on a it while public people in a public.
Answer sentence: three people pose with their political signs out in public.

Decoded sentence: two women, one of them with a black t-shirt and black pants and a black t-shirt and on.
Answer sentence: three people playing rock music, one of them is wearing a hat and a black pants with a black t-shirt and singing and playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three people on the grass and one is leaving a.
Answer sentence: three people on grass, one raking leaves, one mowing the lawn, another standing by a garbage bag.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting on a grass and one is lying in the grass while one takes a photo while.
Answer sentence: three people is just sitting in the park one is lying on the grass the other one is looking around and the other one is taking photos

Decoded sentence: three people in various stage of the two swimming along the colorful lane and walk.
Answer sentence: three people in various stages of swimming strokes race along colorful lane markers.

Decoded sentence: three people in the snow putting gear in an other.
Answer sentence: three people in the snow put their gear in order.

Decoded sentence: three people in a room with woman in black shirts and blue neck holding drinks in their.
Answer sentence: three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand.

Decoded sentence: three people in a group of cars and two females are dressed in high heels and one is carrying.
Answer sentence: three people in a group of cars in what appears to be a city scene ; two of them carrying a large bottle and one is a female dressed in high heels.

Decoded sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.
Answer sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.

Decoded sentence: three people are being garden in the backyard.
Answer sentence: three people gardening in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: three people enjoying the view in a woman building.
Answer sentence: three people enjoying the view in a modern building.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in white clothing and white clothing are being gives in white clothing.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in white clothing in caps giving three other people dressed in white clothing and caps a piggyback ride.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in red and green view a cliff overlooking a body of water.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in red, green, and black view a cliff that overlooks a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in black and white are holding up and blue and the hands of two people.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in blue, white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on.

Decoded sentence: three people are dancing in a subway station while a girl in a skirt is dancing by doing.
Answer sentence: three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station, with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over.

Decoded sentence: three people biking on a path with grass on the side of a path.
Answer sentence: three people biking on a path with grass on either side of the path.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing around a board and drinking beer and drinking beer.
Answer sentence: three people around a table playing a board game and drinking beer.

Decoded sentence: three people walking down a dirt path.
Answer sentence: three people are walking down a dirt path.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking along a path jogging two are just clear along the path near the.
Answer sentence: three people are walking and two people are jogging along a cleared path near several trees.

Decoded sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.
Answer sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing instruments and a woman in a just glass window and people behind.
Answer sentence: three people are standing two are women playing instruments the women are dressed in robes with a stained glass window behind them.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in the snow preparing ice fishing while standing in the snow.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a sign that has an american flag on it.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a sign that has an american flag on it.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it and three green and one.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it, while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: three people are smiling and having drinks and smile.
Answer sentence: three people are smiling while having food and drinks.

Decoded sentence: three people are sleeping in a an men vehicle.
Answer sentence: three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting at a picnic bench outside with umbrellas.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting at a table and a man is leaning back and another woman is looking.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at a table ; the man is leaning back, the middle woman is on her laptop, and the woman on the left is looking at the man.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting around a table playing a game.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting around a table playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three people are on an asian asian girl and a couple in red with red and sunglasses are.
Answer sentence: three people are on a city sidewalk- an asian couple and a woman with red dye in her hair- all wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: three people are on a boat and the sun is in the back.
Answer sentence: three people are on a boat in the middle of the water while the sun is in the back.

Decoded sentence: three people are in an alley with their are skateboarding in a group of construction.
Answer sentence: three people are in an alley with a dumpster, one skateboarding over the dumpster while the other two look on.

Decoded sentence: three people are in an airport and one woman standing against the ground sitting on the.
Answer sentence: three people are in an airport with one laying on the ground, a woman sitting against the window and a man standing with his luggage.

Decoded sentence: three people are crossing the street in new york city.
Answer sentence: three people are crossing a street in new york city.

Decoded sentence: three people are cooking outside two gas using a gas grill.
Answer sentence: three people are cooking outside using two gas grills.

Decoded sentence: three pedestrians walk along the street at sunset past an asian storefront having a group.
Answer sentence: three pedestrians walk along a street at sunset past a storefront that has asian lettering.

Decoded sentence: three pair of women 's are hanging on the wire under a awning.
Answer sentence: three pairs of women 's underwear are hanging on a wire under an awning.

Decoded sentence: three pair of sports which hanging from a is a group of people with people in the background.
Answer sentence: three pairs of different-colored underwear hanging from a clothesline with people and cars in the background

Decoded sentence: three fisherman for two are standing next to a very bright with a boat that has a boat.
Answer sentence: three or two fishermen are standing next to a very bright aqua colored boat with yellow detail that has buoys, ropes and nets, and an identical boat with people in the water in the distance.

Decoded sentence: three older ladies are holding a meal at a restaurant talk and talk to someone.
Answer sentence: three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk.

Decoded sentence: three naked boys covered in mud are covered up in mud standing and one is standing up.
Answer sentence: three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up.

Decoded sentence: three musicians wearing leather leather and on stage with their guitar in front.
Answer sentence: three musicians wearing leather are performing on a stage, including a guy with a guitar, and two singers.

Decoded sentence: three men and two women wearing white shirts sitting in chairs around a table drinking.
Answer sentence: three men, two wearing white shirts, one wearing blue, sitting in chairs around a table drinking a few beers.

Decoded sentence: three men dressed in white and two of black with black are dressed in white with gold cross.
Answer sentence: three men, two dressed in white and another in black vestments with a gold cross, address a crowd.

Decoded sentence: three men talk and one in a blue shirt and one in a striped shirt, talking and one in a.
Answer sentence: three men, one in a blue shirt, one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking.

Decoded sentence: three men and each wearing white shirt and orange shorts and wearing shorts and a sand.
Answer sentence: three men, each wearing a white shirt and orange shorts, build a sand castle while another man, wearing the same clothing, looks on.

Decoded sentence: three men dressed in rain gear stand on a dock preparing to clean a boat to prepare.
Answer sentence: three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish.

Decoded sentence: three men and 2 playing guitar 2 playing and playing in front of a beer curtain.
Answer sentence: three men, 2 playing guitars and one playing the drums, performs in front of a lite beer curtain.

Decoded sentence: three men are preparing food to work in a kitchen of a an outside chinese restaurant.
Answer sentence: three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with three white and blue.
Answer sentence: three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with three blue and white trucks nearby.

Decoded sentence: three men with reflective safety jackets and two men in a small jacket putting a rock jacket.
Answer sentence: three men with reflective safety jackets are watching two men in reflective jackets put rocks into a hole in the road.

Decoded sentence: three men and one woman are skateboarding on a road while a man and woman take a picture.
Answer sentence: three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field.
Answer sentence: three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange and hard vests and hard hats are working on a road construction.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange reflector vests and hard hats are working on a road construction project.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange coats are working on the street.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange coats working on a street.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing hats and men hold up flags on a their shoulder.
Answer sentence: three men wearing hats are holding up flags, one man is walking with a rifle on his shoulder.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing a big with blue and red and red t-shirts are holding a fourth stand and.
Answer sentence: three men wearing canadian military fatigues and a fourth man wearing blue shorts and a red t-shirt stand side-by-side ; two men hold shears for a ribbon cutting.

Decoded sentence: three men walking in front of a tent with a sign with signs on it.
Answer sentence: three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it.

Decoded sentence: three men walk outside of a white building.
Answer sentence: three men walk outside of a white building.

Decoded sentence: three men walk through a parking lot while one is talking.
Answer sentence: three men talk together while walking through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three men are standing outside in a suit talking and laughing.
Answer sentence: three men standing outside in suits are talking and laughing.

Decoded sentence: three men stand on a podium and four men stand along with a all on an arena of the other.
Answer sentence: three men stand on the podium while four other men stand along with them as part of the awards ceremony.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting at a table with four red material on right and in the right on the right.
Answer sentence: three men sitting at a table, one man pointing at the camera, with four red candles on the right.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting around a table during a speaking speaking.
Answer sentence: three men sitting around a table during a speaking engagement.

Decoded sentence: three men on a look on a building outside a building.
Answer sentence: three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.

Decoded sentence: three men are observing a three under a microscope.
Answer sentence: three men observe a specimen under a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three men on stage as three of women in white shirts are watching a man and three dance.
Answer sentence: three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.

Decoded sentence: three men in white lab coats sitting in a lab with a microscope and a microscope is pointing.
Answer sentence: three men in white lab coats pointing at a computer screen while sitting in a lab with a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.
Answer sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men in overalls walk down the sidewalk in the midst of pedestrians and traffic.
Answer sentence: three men in overalls walk down a sidewalk in the midst of pedestrian traffic.

Decoded sentence: three men in orange vests pull out a red is pulling out of a to sitting inside.
Answer sentence: three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.

Decoded sentence: three men in military uniforms are in a shirt that says `` the woman is being cutting the.
Answer sentence: three men in military uniforms and one man in a shirt that says `` canada '' are cutting a ribbon.

Decoded sentence: three men in a red and brown clothing walking down the road.
Answer sentence: three men in cold-weather styled clothing walking down a road.

Decoded sentence: three men and one man in a blue hat and striped shirt, are standing in front of a building.
Answer sentence: three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: three men in black jackets and white helmets are holding onto a silver and yellow and a.
Answer sentence: three men in black jackets and white helmets hold onto a silver handrail next to a busy street.

Decoded sentence: three men in an auditorium prepare to the other with their tape.
Answer sentence: three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting around an has a table with a microphone and a conversation.
Answer sentence: three men have a conversation while sitting around an ornate table with microphones.

Decoded sentence: three men being on a porch in the front.
Answer sentence: three men grilling on a front porch.

Decoded sentence: three men celebrating a goal in a game.
Answer sentence: three men celebrating a goal in the game.

Decoded sentence: three men work up a fish on a group of water outdoors working up and right next to.
Answer sentence: three men are working up fish on a stainless steel table outdoors right next to the water.

Decoded sentence: three men are working on the roof.
Answer sentence: three men are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing safety jackets on a yellow jacket and two are in the are wearing safety.
Answer sentence: three men are wearing safety yellow jackets and hard hats on the sight of a construction project ; one is in a hole and the other two are looking at the man standing in the hole.

Decoded sentence: three men are standing around in a street.
Answer sentence: three men are walking around in an open, stone building that has sand as the floor.

Decoded sentence: three men ride on an elephant with a young is wearing a hat and two of them are wearing.
Answer sentence: three men are riding on an elephant with a shack in the background and two of them are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: three men look at a sign on a cross the canyon.
Answer sentence: three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon.

Decoded sentence: three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway that men are sitting on steps reading.
Answer sentence: three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway past a man sitting on a step reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: three men stand next to each other and the of which is wearing a apron all the same time.
Answer sentence: three men and one woman standing next to each other, all wearing aprons and pouring something into each others cups at the same time.

Decoded sentence: three men and a small boy work on a green model train.
Answer sentence: three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside.

Decoded sentence: three members of red team are in the grass with a member of yellow team.
Answer sentence: three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team.

Decoded sentence: three men in a man and sitting are pulling a group four with four wheels and pulling a.
Answer sentence: three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch.

Decoded sentence: three men and a man are walking away by a man with his walking.
Answer sentence: three man around a wheeled cart with baked goods while a man with a cane walks away.

Decoded sentence: three males are sitting on a sofa with beer on the table in front of them.
Answer sentence: three males are sitting on a sofa with beers on a table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.
Answer sentence: three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.

Decoded sentence: three male figures and one different other are standing next to a rock while they are being.
Answer sentence: three male figures of different ages stand next to some rocks as they are dwarfed by a large upright wooden cross.

Decoded sentence: three male construction workers examine two of them are holding shovels in a field.
Answer sentence: three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.

Decoded sentence: three male men and a female pair are on stage.
Answer sentence: three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.

Decoded sentence: three little kids on a playing and racing are together.
Answer sentence: three little kids on tricycles race downhill.

Decoded sentence: three little girls are sitting on the grass.
Answer sentence: three little girls are sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys are taking a bath in a rubber working on the grass.
Answer sentence: three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys on a float in the river.
Answer sentence: three little boys on a float in a river.

Decoded sentence: three ladies near a table to the book near their notes and a book from one of his.
Answer sentence: three ladies near a table scattered with books, busy writing notes from their reference books.

Decoded sentence: three ladies wearing silver and silver are chatting and chatting.
Answer sentence: three ladies chat wearing silver leggings and matching wigs.

Decoded sentence: two women and one has a yellow belt on a red belt.
Answer sentence: three kids practice martial arts, one has a yellow belt, on a red belt and the other a white belt.

Decoded sentence: three kids playing with a brown and brown.
Answer sentence: three kids playing with a brown pony.

Decoded sentence: three kids are being people with toy in the garden in the garden.
Answer sentence: three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden.

Decoded sentence: three kids on a scooter with three wheels.
Answer sentence: three kids on a scooter with three wheels.

Decoded sentence: three kids in a martial arts are in a with different hands and one is having a different.
Answer sentence: three kids in a martial arts class are in a stance ; each child has on a different color belt.

Decoded sentence: three individuals are scuba diving their diving.
Answer sentence: three individuals are scuba diving.

Decoded sentence: three horses and one person against sunset.
Answer sentence: three horses and a person against a sunset.

Decoded sentence: three hockey players with the puck in front of a goal.
Answer sentence: three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal.

Decoded sentence: three people are leading the string are leading through an shallow water on camels and.
Answer sentence: three handlers lead a string of 11 camels, each carrying a pair of riders, through shallow water on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three guys sitting on a rock looking at the the the the by.
Answer sentence: three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery.

Decoded sentence: three guys riding on an elephant with a group and on the background.
Answer sentence: three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three guys playing golf along a body of water.
Answer sentence: three guys playing golf along a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three guys are shoveling in the desert.
Answer sentence: three guys are shoveling in the desert.

Decoded sentence: three of three women, adults in tank tops are attempting to practicing yoga and a few shirtless.
Answer sentence: three grown adults in shorts attempting to practice yoga, two adults are wearing tank tops, while the other is shirtless.

Decoded sentence: three girls and one of the other girls are posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek.

Decoded sentence: three young girls and a young man in gold 's costumes are playing in a football field 's.
Answer sentence: three girls in gold ' native american ' costumes dance on a football field while several young men in dark blue uniforms play drums behind them.

Decoded sentence: three girls in black and white dresses walk a downtown.
Answer sentence: three girls in black and white dresses are walking downtown.

Decoded sentence: three girls walk along the sidewalk and one in the middle is bouncing a basketball.
Answer sentence: three girls are walking along the sidewalk together and the one in the middle is bouncing a basketball.

Decoded sentence: three girls are outside in a group of people and girls and a girl.
Answer sentence: three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.

Decoded sentence: three girls are their of the men next to a building next to a concrete structure and a.
Answer sentence: three girls and one man are loitering outside of a building next to a concrete structure.

Decoded sentence: three football players in the navy and yellow uniforms are running down the football field.
Answer sentence: three football players in navy blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field ; one is kicking a football as he runs.

Decoded sentence: three football players are in action on a field.
Answer sentence: three football players are in action on the field

Decoded sentence: three firemen stand around a firetruck and one with a beard and two other are smiling.
Answer sentence: three firemen are standing around two firetrucks, one with a beard is leaning against the firetruck, while the other two are talking to him.

Decoded sentence: three firemen conversing next to a firetruck.
Answer sentence: three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: three females are sitting on the ground and one has a device in his right hand.
Answer sentence: three females are sitting on the ground while one has device in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps are lined up in a pool with their arms outstretched.
Answer sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps and goggles are lined up in a pool with their arms outstretched.

Decoded sentence: three female dancers are in front of a play with a boy in a single holding his knee is.
Answer sentence: three female dancers are in front of a pale curtain with a single knee raised and their heads dropped back.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women and two with their cane are walking through a parking lot.
Answer sentence: three elderly women, two with canes, walk through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women wearing coats are walking with their backs to the camera and carrying.
Answer sentence: three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women walk together.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking together.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women walking behind a behind.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking from behind.

Decoded sentence: three dogs stand in the snow and one is holding a red frisbee while standing in the snow.
Answer sentence: three dogs, one holding a red frisbee, standing in snow.

Decoded sentence: three dogs walk across a snowy field.
Answer sentence: three dogs walk together across a snowy field.

Decoded sentence: three dogs running through the water.
Answer sentence: three dogs running through water.

Decoded sentence: three dogs racing down a racetrack.
Answer sentence: three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are pulling a man in a brown jumpsuit and blue on a sled in a sled and blue.
Answer sentence: three dogs pulling a man in a brown jumpsuit and a baby in a blue snowsuit, on a sled in a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: three dogs on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three dogs on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three dogs of various are wearing of a dog and a white with a dog and a one is a one is.
Answer sentence: three dogs of various sizes.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are looking at a cement ledge.
Answer sentence: three dogs looking at a cement ledge.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: three different women, wearing and light colored pants are taking pictures with a camera.
Answer sentence: three different people, all wearing light colored tops and dark pants, are taking pictures with their cameras.

Decoded sentence: three together are holding signs of an on an all.
Answer sentence: three democrat supporters hold signs for an election.

Decoded sentence: three dark ladies sitting on a bench in front of a very yellow wall with a walking of the.
Answer sentence: three dark complected ladies sitting on a bench in front of a yellow ceramic tiled wall, with the name `` jane '' on the wall or superimposed onto the image above them.

Decoded sentence: three dancers with each other costumes are performing.
Answer sentence: three dancers with swirling costumes perform.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers stand in a rail and wearing neon hats and neon vests and neon.
Answer sentence: three construction workers wearing white hats and neon green vests stand against boating rail while a bridge and city sit in the background.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers in bright vests prepare to work on a road.
Answer sentence: three construction workers in bright vests prepare road to be worked on.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers standing outside and having a conversation.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers stand on a boat while one man points for the other.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing on a boat while one of the men points at something.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers leaving on a boat and left looking around the boat that they.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are joking around on a boat, leaving the bridge that they are working on.

Decoded sentence: three children and two girls in art are standing on the other an all large floor of a large.
Answer sentence: three children, two girls and one boy, in martial art stances, standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room.

Decoded sentence: three children are on a ledge between of `` blue with sitting and other plants holding.
Answer sentence: three children, between the ages of 6 and 9, are on a ledge holding plants over the edge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: three children writing in a classroom.
Answer sentence: three children writing intently in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: three children are sitting on the grass and one in a laying down and one in a green overalls.
Answer sentence: three children sit on the grass, one laying down, one in overalls smiling and one in green looking through a tote bag.

Decoded sentence: three children playing on the floor with toys.
Answer sentence: three children playing on a floor with toys.

Decoded sentence: three children playing in hay.
Answer sentence: three children playing in hay

Decoded sentence: three children inspecting a patio table.
Answer sentence: three children inspecting a patio table.

Decoded sentence: three children in football uniforms are playing with two different teams and one football.
Answer sentence: three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field, while another player and an adult stand in the background.

Decoded sentence: three children are posing on a playground slide.
Answer sentence: three children are posing on a playground slide.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing outdoors on a metal barrel two of them are on a metal barrel.
Answer sentence: three children are playing outdoors, two of them on a metal barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing in the water near the sand.
Answer sentence: three children are playing in sand near to the beach.

Decoded sentence: three children are on the floor playing with a building blocks.
Answer sentence: three children are on the floor playing with building blocks.

Decoded sentence: three children and three trying to open a blue and open.
Answer sentence: three children and trying to open a gift.

Decoded sentence: three chefs wearing white hats and black aprons preparing food in a crowded kitchen.
Answer sentence: three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.

Decoded sentence: three chefs in uniforms are working in an an an one line of young women.
Answer sentence: three chefs in uniform are working in an assembly line to prepare pastries.

Decoded sentence: three brown-haired women in a brown and green skirt are leaning against a metal fence staring.
Answer sentence: three brown-haired women in brown and green skirts lean against a metal fence staring to the left.

Decoded sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.
Answer sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.

Decoded sentence: three boys running on the beach playing a game.
Answer sentence: three boys are running on the beach playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three boys are playing soccer.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: three boys are playing outside and two are holding a giant ball and looking like a giant.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing outside, and two are holding a giant ball that looks like a globe while the other jumps up high over it.

Decoded sentence: three big trees and one side of a girl in a bikini.
Answer sentence: three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini.

Decoded sentence: three ball players in a uniform on the green surface in front of a striped crowd and other.
Answer sentence: three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage.

Decoded sentence: three asian children, 2 boys and 2 boys sitting in a classroom painted in green and green.
Answer sentence: three asian children, 2 boys and a girl, is sitting and studying in a classroom that is painted light green.

Decoded sentence: three african american women dressed in bright orange dress and a yellow dress.
Answer sentence: three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and headscarves.

Decoded sentence: three adults sitting on a bench in front of a sign 's one of a man 's man playing his guitar.
Answer sentence: three adults sitting on a bench in front of a sign for joe 's cafe listening to one man play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three women and one person are man on a couple of the women other person looks on.
Answer sentence: three news personal interviewing a couple of senior citizens, while another person looks on.

Decoded sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk a dirt path through a swing during the day.
Answer sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk a dirt path through a wooded meadow during the day.

Decoded sentence: picture taken of a bus outside with people and asian of asian descent are looking along.
Answer sentence: this picture is taken outside a bus with people of asian descent riding along with open windows.

Decoded sentence: picture of a strange time of old time and day.
Answer sentence: this picture is a strange combination of old times and present day.

Decoded sentence: the photograph is being jumping an man on a other.
Answer sentence: this photograph expresses intangible frustration.

Decoded sentence: photo taking a place in a busy street in an asian city and people ride their bikes and.
Answer sentence: this photo takes place in a busy street in an asian city where people are riding bikes and walking.

Decoded sentence: photo of a playing together to their first world and red men.
Answer sentence: this photo invites amazon turkers to gripe about first world problems.

Decoded sentence: a person performs a sport of people while watching a competition is skateboarding in the.
Answer sentence: this person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition, with people watching in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white hard hat and gray and a long-sleeve shirt is standing on top of the.
Answer sentence: this man with a white hard hat, and gray vest, and long-sleeve shirt is standing on top of a roof.

Decoded sentence: a man is in a bicycle race.
Answer sentence: this man is in a bicycle race.

Decoded sentence: a man creating a while a group of people walking their street.
Answer sentence: this man is creating entertainment for people who are walking the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man and man asleep in a her air.
Answer sentence: this man is asleep on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a little baby girl dressed getting dressed in a striped by the by the other woman is looking.
Answer sentence: this little baby girl dressed whimsically in striped pantaloons is pictured so that one must ask which is bigger, her feet or her sleepy smile.

Decoded sentence: a kitchen is being small that is being large by a or them.
Answer sentence: this kitchen is newly furnished.

Decoded sentence: this is an image of an older man sitting with her legs sitting and other of the dry grass.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an older man, who sitting with his legs folded near stack of dry grass.

Decoded sentence: this is an image of an asian woman in a bikini and a bikini with his legs on the deck looking.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an asian woman in bikinis with her legs folded and looking at an i-pod phone on top of a swimming pool deck.

Decoded sentence: this is a beautiful evening.
Answer sentence: this is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun.

Decoded sentence: this is a woman looking to the stands wearing white robes and a gold jacket with a gold.
Answer sentence: this is an aged middle-eastern man looking to his right while wearing a white robe with gold embroidery.

Decoded sentence: this is a young boy looking to jump on a beautiful trampoline in the beautiful.
Answer sentence: this is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: a group of young gentleman and a white sweater and a gray suit all holding their bathing.
Answer sentence: this is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.

Decoded sentence: this is a woman or young woman in playing while sitting in a chair with yellow lap sitting.
Answer sentence: this is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.

Decoded sentence: this is a scene including a few people walking outside during a and two coffee woman with.
Answer sentence: this is a scene of several people walking outside during the day, including a woman with two coffee urns.

Decoded sentence: this group of people are preparing pictures of the playing on the which is a bright light.
Answer sentence: this is a picture of a broadway rite aid pharmacy that has a bright neon sign and people are prepared to cross the street in front of it.

Decoded sentence: this is a man with a on a women on his face.
Answer sentence: this is a man with a goofy grin on his face.

Decoded sentence: this is a young adult at a party where a young adult is having fun and they are all.
Answer sentence: this is a group of young adults at a party and they are all having fun.

Decoded sentence: this is a good map of tourists.
Answer sentence: this is a good map for tourists.

Decoded sentence: the image of a crying toddler with an older gentleman and a woman with a long male stand.
Answer sentence: this image is of a crying toddler being held by an older gentleman with a camera as a younger male with long red-hair stands beside them.

Decoded sentence: a very woman doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.
Answer sentence: this helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.

Decoded sentence: this is one of which 's his one is being their they are.
Answer sentence: this has to be one of the best restaurant 's on the east side !

Decoded sentence: a guy and they are trying to look to a group of `` one is his arm and they are looking.
Answer sentence: this guy is try to be his own band and they lady with the baby looks like she enjoying it.

Decoded sentence: a group of men are all enjoying their dishes.
Answer sentence: this dish is very tasty and i enjoy this dish

Decoded sentence: a clown is being pose to the crowd.
Answer sentence: this clown is proud to be entertaining the crowd.

Decoded sentence: an hands girl in a statue.
Answer sentence: third-world girl in hammock.

Decoded sentence: they are swimming and swimming across a pool.
Answer sentence: they swim laps across the pool.

Decoded sentence: they are playing together.
Answer sentence: they are playing ice-hockey.

Decoded sentence: two young boys with blue and gray shorts are smiling for the camera as they go outside.
Answer sentence: these two young boys with blue and gray shorts, smile for the camera before they go play outside.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating.
Answer sentence: these two people are eating.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are working in a field.
Answer sentence: these two ladies are working in the fields.

Decoded sentence: three boys are trying to carry wood.
Answer sentence: these three boys are trying to carry some wood.

Decoded sentence: people sit outside on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: these people are sitting outside on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people having various instruments while playing their instruments and is in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: these people are in a restaurant, having drinks, and playing various instruments.

Decoded sentence: people doing some under a woman.
Answer sentence: these people are doing dangerous things.

Decoded sentence: people are being their on their standing together.
Answer sentence: these people are demonstrating for their leader.

Decoded sentence: a girl is playing in a field and playing hockey.
Answer sentence: these girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.

Decoded sentence: five five children, one man is on the ocean looking at the other of a beautiful blue and.
Answer sentence: these five site seers are on the ocean looking out the man is taking pictures the others are looking at the beautiful blue sea.

Decoded sentence: all of a woman dressed in black musical with black black and which is a red and red flag.
Answer sentence: these are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building.

Decoded sentence: very old animal is well to the.
Answer sentence: these are very well groomed animals.

Decoded sentence: the by of the large is sitting at a large group of or are looking and four.
Answer sentence: these are some very large onions.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman riding a bike and a man is riding on a other trying to have a sit and.
Answer sentence: there is one woman riding a bike and a man who is riding on a segway personal transportation device while carrying a pole that blind people use to help they detect things in their path.

Decoded sentence: there is a man sitting on top of a school bus while there is a man walking down the top.
Answer sentence: there is one man who is sitting on top of a school bus while another man walks down the aisle of the bus.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in the foreground with another is doing a small his another while in the.
Answer sentence: there is one man in the foreground with a hammer, another is in the background, possibly doing the same work as the man in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: there is a big hill behind the dirt and there is a few people behind a ramp that says ``.
Answer sentence: there is big hill of dirt behind signs that say `` ramp closed. ''

Decoded sentence: there is a young man running towards the camera in the street while his friends are cheering.
Answer sentence: there is a young man running towards the camera, in the street, and his friend is cheering him on.

Decoded sentence: there is there is a lake in the background and there is a lake and play in the sand with.
Answer sentence: there is a young child in play clothes playing with the sand using a plastic scoop and the calm water in the lake or ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman dressed up in a beautiful with a woman doing a very beautiful midair in.
Answer sentence: there is a woman, who is all dressed up in a beautiful multicolored tutu with a tiara, doing a split in midair for a performance.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman with a purple and purple and purple makes a few old way with a play together.
Answer sentence: there is a woman with a purple wrap on who is making quits the old fashion way with a loom.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman in a group and a guy 's uniform as a child dressed as a stand outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses with a man in a white shirt turning her.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman at the window of a building hanging ready to a small piece of clothing.
Answer sentence: there is a woman at the window of a building getting ready to hang a small piece of clothing on a clothesline right outside, which already contains some articles of clothing.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman wearing an orange shirt wearing a instrument playing with a sheet paper.
Answer sentence: there is a woman and man wearing orange shirts, playing instruments with sheet paper in front of them.

Decoded sentence: there is a surfer wearing a red and black is catching a wave out and out for the water.
Answer sentence: there is a surfer in the water, wearing a red and black bodysuit, catching a wave with his hands out for balance.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people walking and walking in a bike man has white and black clothing.
Answer sentence: there is a street with people walking and walking their bikes, in particular one man in the forefront who have a black cowboy hat and black clothing on and a handlebar mustache.

Decoded sentence: there is a small all of there is a small group of papers in the bottom of the left.
Answer sentence: there is a small spiral notebook next to the pile of papers in the bottom left.

Decoded sentence: there is a shirtless white man and there is some sort of standing on a balcony and construction.
Answer sentence: there is a shirtless toned white man standing on a balcony of a construction site and holding some sort of tool.

Decoded sentence: there is a restaurant of there are a few people and a few of them are sitting on a table.
Answer sentence: there is a restaurant and all the tables are empty.

Decoded sentence: there is a water near a group of children 's feet and are there 's.
Answer sentence: there is a reflection near the bear 's feet indicating there is water.

Decoded sentence: there is a red truck behind a horse.
Answer sentence: there is a red truck behind the horses.

Decoded sentence: there is a person wearing a coat and jeans climbing something.
Answer sentence: there is a person wearing a coat and jeans climbing stairs.

Decoded sentence: there is a person walking on the street between a red and yellow car with a bag and a full.
Answer sentence: there is a person walking on the street in between a red and yellow car with a bag and a basket full of items.

Decoded sentence: there is a person standing on top of a group of a two sitting and a store.
Answer sentence: there is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a costco store.

Decoded sentence: there is a performance with a man in a t-shirt and jeans and a audience are all in the.
Answer sentence: there is a performance with a man in a t-shirt and jeans with a woman in all black while an audience watches and laughs.

Decoded sentence: there is a parade going on the an man a floating device of people holding up and all other.
Answer sentence: there is a parade going on in the street, a group of people are holding up an oscar the grouch float device.

Decoded sentence: there is a there is a there is cooking and over a man cooking something with a man and.
Answer sentence: there is a pancake pan cooking a pancake and a man is rolling it over on its opposite side with a spatula.

Decoded sentence: there is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort down a hill covered in snow covered.
Answer sentence: there is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a green t-shirt cooking and a woman outside on a grill.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a green t-shirt cooking hamburgers and hotdogs outside on a grill.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a gray shirt on a speed starting boat with a big group of big colored.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a gray shirt on his speed boat who caught a big fish, and has started to cut it open.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a sitting and blue dress playing a on a an accordion front of a sign.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a fedora hat and blue dress coat playing an accordion in front of a sign.

Decoded sentence: there is a man wearing construction gear standing next to a face that is picking up some.
Answer sentence: there is a man wearing construction gear, standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris.

Decoded sentence: there is a man swinging a rope swing into a lake.
Answer sentence: there is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.

Decoded sentence: there is a man on a is holding a horse on a riding and watching at a rodeo.
Answer sentence: there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in shorts and sandals and a woman in a blue jean shorts walking out the.
Answer sentence: there is a man in shorts and sandals and a woman in blue jean shorts and flip-flops out walking together.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in a white shirt and khaki pants in the background.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a white shirt and khaki pants in the background.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in a suit speaking in front of a microphone in front of a screen and another.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a suit speaking in a microphone in front of a screen.

Decoded sentence: there is a man behind a white and white police car pulling a car down the street and a.
Answer sentence: there is a man behind a white minivan, police car driving down the street as a white car pulls onto the street.

Decoded sentence: there is a little girl in pink helping three different has three different men and the.
Answer sentence: there is a little girl in pink being helped by three different adults as she makes something from dough and red dye.

Decoded sentence: there is a little boy walking down a railroad and holding a little stick in a red jacket.
Answer sentence: there is a little boy in a red jacket walking down the railroad tracks and holding a stick.

Decoded sentence: there is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and red shirt playing on a playground.
Answer sentence: there is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground.

Decoded sentence: there is a large building in the background and some of them are with the people and the.
Answer sentence: there is a large building in the background and there are lots of people and some of them are setting up cots with blankets on them.

Decoded sentence: there is a lady with glasses and wearing a black shirt and a video game as she plays a.
Answer sentence: there is a lady with glasses and wearing a black shirt and she is also playing a video game.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people in a black and brown room and some of the dining are sleeping.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room, some sleeping some eating.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of five men in a dark blue outfit and one is playing an accordion.
Answer sentence: there is a group of five men in dark blue outfits and one is playing an accordion.

Decoded sentence: there is a girl in a pink all all on the floor with a woman.
Answer sentence: there is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.

Decoded sentence: there is a girl and a man stand next to a event and smiling in a few sitting and one is.
Answer sentence: there is a girl decorating for an event and a man is standing next to her smiling, and an island poster in the distance.

Decoded sentence: there is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including a man in a hard hat and safety.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including some men in hard hats and safety jackets.

Decoded sentence: there is a bride and two both women with two women and a man carrying a flag and standing.
Answer sentence: there is a bride and groom with two children, a woman and a man carrying a flag, standing on a stony place.

Decoded sentence: there is a boat in the background to the left of an orange truck.
Answer sentence: there is a boat in the background to the left of the orange utility truck.

Decoded sentence: there is a blond female office that is a brown and a male in front of a pole talking and.
Answer sentence: there is a blond female office and a male brown headed officer standing in front of a pole talking.

Decoded sentence: there is a young man playing a game of football while a man is being tackled by the player.
Answer sentence: there are young men playing a game of football, one man has been tackled by another player.

Decoded sentence: two young women standing next to each other while a older girl and older girl are hugging.
Answer sentence: there are two young sisters standing next to each other in a snowy field, and the older girl is hugging her little sister.

Decoded sentence: there is a trail next to a young woman on two young people standing with two young are.
Answer sentence: there are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail.

Decoded sentence: there are two workers and one on a ladder with their all stripes against the wall with.
Answer sentence: there are two workers, one on a ladder, against a blue wall with a yellow-and-black stripe.

Decoded sentence: there are two women wearing hands and a white shirt and sunglasses and a woman are all.
Answer sentence: there are two women waving one hand and wearing white shirts, scarves, sunglasses, white gloves, and stewardess hats.

Decoded sentence: there are two small boys wearing a ball cap playing in the grass with three other men watching.
Answer sentence: there are two small boys wearing ball caps, playing t-ball in green grass with three adult men watching.

Decoded sentence: there is two rock climbing a while two people are on the ground and one is there is two.
Answer sentence: there are two people rock climbing, one is on the ground while the other climbs.

Decoded sentence: there is two men and two men wearing sunglasses with sunglasses and backpacks.
Answer sentence: there are two men with sunglasses, one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack.

Decoded sentence: there are two men on a ladder and doing a ladder for a living.
Answer sentence: there are two men on a ladder one is at the top handing down to the other guy the number `` o '' as this what they do for a living.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in orange life vests who are being over a group at a pier pier by the.
Answer sentence: there are two men in orange life vests signaling to a cruise ship docking at a pier.

Decoded sentence: there are two men at the center of a red shirt, and a metal metal one is with a red shirt,.
Answer sentence: there are two men here at the center of the picture wearing red tie dye shirts and metal helmets topped with lit burners.

Decoded sentence: there are two men engaged in the left on the left kicking a karate in the right on the.
Answer sentence: there are two men engaged in a karate match, the man on the left kicks the man on the right in the face while the man on the right kicks the man on the left in the groin.

Decoded sentence: there is two men sitting down and look at laptop.
Answer sentence: there are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: there are two football players and one is wearing blue and yellow uniforms and the other.
Answer sentence: there are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.

Decoded sentence: there is two children playing and a child at home.
Answer sentence: there are two children at home, playing.

Decoded sentence: there is a tree with one leaves in the background.
Answer sentence: there are trees with no leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are three young people one with the back their back and one with the other in its.
Answer sentence: there are three young people, one dark-haired holding a bottled drink, one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth, and one with spiked hair.

Decoded sentence: there are three young boys playing in public park with a red ball.
Answer sentence: there are three young boys playing in a public park with a red ball.

Decoded sentence: there is three women are while laying on the beach and a man with a man who is nearby is.
Answer sentence: there are three fully clothed women laying on the beach together with a man nearby as well.

Decoded sentence: there are three dogs wearing number jerseys running a race.
Answer sentence: there are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race.

Decoded sentence: there is a tall window making a small man to a building and a small window made up and.
Answer sentence: there are tall windows and small windows that make up the majority of the building.

Decoded sentence: there is a tree around a horse.
Answer sentence: there are several trees around the horses.

Decoded sentence: there is people and children looking into the water with blue and blue to the floor.
Answer sentence: there are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish.

Decoded sentence: there is construction workers at the top of a building that has a of stage that has a construction.
Answer sentence: there are several construction workers at the top of a building which is in the early stages of construction and has only gray bricks for walls.

Decoded sentence: there is people standing beside a of a of white and white tent setting with a man set and.
Answer sentence: there are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area.

Decoded sentence: there is many tennis ball on behind a child and a tennis player.
Answer sentence: there are many tennis balls on a stand behind the blonde tennis player.

Decoded sentence: there are many people sitting in a lit room talking.
Answer sentence: there are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking.

Decoded sentence: there is a red bench behind a five man behind some men are watching the man who is watching.
Answer sentence: there are long, red, padded benches behind the five screens, with only one man there to watch.

Decoded sentence: there is a picnic items and a picnic table are being making up of the wood and other men.
Answer sentence: there are items hanging up in the background and then there are picnic tables made of wood and two big grills where people are cooking and a man watching.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people over the in a street.
Answer sentence: there are handprints all over this mat.

Decoded sentence: there are four people talking in the phone booth.
Answer sentence: there are four people talking in the phone booths.

Decoded sentence: there are four people dressed in orange clothes walking down the street.
Answer sentence: there are four people dressed in orange clothes walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: there are four individuals wearing black diving gear with red and black diving gear standing.
Answer sentence: there are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.

Decoded sentence: there is five people in a picture and two guys are talking near a sign and a man on a ``.
Answer sentence: there are five people in the picture, two guys talking near a sign for free advice, a man and women facing away and another man on a phone in the background.

Decoded sentence: there is a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside.
Answer sentence: there are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people in the snow and wearing suits walk near a small building on.
Answer sentence: there are 4 people in the snow at night wearing bathing suits standing and walking near a small building with a light on.

Decoded sentence: there is a group of people in a photo.
Answer sentence: there are 4 horses in the photo.

Decoded sentence: there is 3 people in picture and a little man looking through her object and another girl.
Answer sentence: there are 3 people in this picture, a man who is looking through some object, another looking at something else perhaps not in the picture, and a little girl with her mouth open wide.

Decoded sentence: three women at a desk and a woman with long look in a microscope.
Answer sentence: their are three women at a desk and the women with the long braid looks in the microscope.

Decoded sentence: the woman is dressed in a man and taking pictures of the while he is taking a picture of.
Answer sentence: the youthfully dressed man takes a picture of himself as he jumps in the air and spilling his coffee.

Decoded sentence: young man in white apron holds a chicken he as he is white for some food.
Answer sentence: the young man in the white apron is holding a chicken he has killed and will be processing for food.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue shirt holds a ladder for a man in a white shirt in a alley.
Answer sentence: the young man in the blue shirt holds the ladder for the man in the white shirt in a graffiti-covered alley.

Decoded sentence: young is taking a goalie kick during a soccer match.
Answer sentence: the young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: a group 's young body 's pictures are sitting and above the bright beam.
Answer sentence: the young gymnast 's supple body soars above the balance beam.

Decoded sentence: young girls are running on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: the young girl is running on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: young men and young baseball players are being hands.
Answer sentence: the young ohio baseball player contemplates his pitch.

Decoded sentence: a yellow group of people are outside on a metal and the of a two women.
Answer sentence: the yellow of the stoplight casts a glow on the metal of the fixture.

Decoded sentence: workers preparing a large tube for their.
Answer sentence: the workers prepare the large tube for hauling.

Decoded sentence: workers standing on a ladder and a city on a city ladder repairing with large.
Answer sentence: the worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill.

Decoded sentence: workers are women on as he is.
Answer sentence: the worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care.

Decoded sentence: the woods is being held for the seat for a bench with a lawn colored bench and the other.
Answer sentence: the wood used for the seat portion of the bench is comprised of different colored slats.

Decoded sentence: woman trying to be a wearing a black sweatshirt and red sweatshirt and giving the bank.
Answer sentence: the woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt, but her red corduroy pants give her away.

Decoded sentence: woman jumping to hit a blue and white volleyball while it is red and it.
Answer sentence: the woman jumps to hit the blue and white volleyball before it lands in the sand.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing sunglasses standing next to a `` with his `` to '' sign '' sign in the street.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses in the middle of a street and is standing next to a roadwork ahead sign.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a necklace and wearing a woman who is not not have some walking and in the.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a necklace but has no other visible jewelry.

Decoded sentence: woman holding a small dressed together on top of her head.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.

Decoded sentence: woman is at a marketplace buying fish from a.
Answer sentence: the woman is at marketplace buying fish from an arabic person.

Decoded sentence: woman in a purple shirt and gray pants and brown pants with a walk and a child with a gray.
Answer sentence: the woman in the purple shirt and gray pants is taking the black dog and a child with an orange shirt and a girl with a gray shirt out for a walk.

Decoded sentence: woman in a blue dress holds her arms out to his traffic.
Answer sentence: the woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black shirt and a with a man with a white shirt and a girl with a hat and.
Answer sentence: the woman in the black shirt and reddish skirt is getting a gift from the man with the white shirt, while a girl with a white sweater is looking eagerly at what the man is giving the woman, and are, presumably, in a party.

Decoded sentence: woman in glasses and black on.
Answer sentence: the woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress.

Decoded sentence: woman in blue shorts and brown vest has black and brown vest and has a black dog to her.
Answer sentence: the woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her.

Decoded sentence: the wine are women with some at some of people.
Answer sentence: the wine will taste great with italian food.

Decoded sentence: the window of a building is bar.
Answer sentence: the windows of the building are barred.

Decoded sentence: the an man is wearing a red and blue building with a all and blue is being hands up with.
Answer sentence: the white-helmeted driver of the red, white and blue car, with a passenger riding shotgun, whipped up dust and rocks in the wooded taped-off area, the debris creating an eerie, ghostlike view of the face of the person behind him.

Decoded sentence: white being taking off from the water and water.
Answer sentence: the white swan is taking off from the water.

Decoded sentence: white and white dog coming out of a blue tent.
Answer sentence: the white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent.

Decoded sentence: a white dog with a black another black dog catches a red frisbee.
Answer sentence: the white dog with black spots is catching a red frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a white dog is chasing a toy attached to a string and a grass.
Answer sentence: the white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass.

Decoded sentence: a white dog is being stand in his face with a pair of water.
Answer sentence: the white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.

Decoded sentence: a black and white cat is being jump at a piece of fabric.
Answer sentence: the white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric.

Decoded sentence: a clear weather.
Answer sentence: the weather looks clear.

Decoded sentence: a clear water.
Answer sentence: the water is very clear.

Decoded sentence: calm water.
Answer sentence: the water is very calm.

Decoded sentence: the wall in front of the bed is being play.
Answer sentence: the wall in front of the bed is mirrored.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white shirt and black vest is waiting on the people in the restaurant with.
Answer sentence: the waiter with a white shirt and black vest is waiting on the people in the restaurant with a big mirror in the wall.

Decoded sentence: view from an public street at a public beach.
Answer sentence: the view from a overlook at the public beach.

Decoded sentence: view from train of train to walk from the school along and track while his man walks from.
Answer sentence: the view from a cracked train window of children walking to or from school along train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls and one wearing a skirt and wearing skirts are playing in an art fountain.
Answer sentence: the two young girls, one wearing a skirt and the other wearing shorts, are playing in a bubbling fountain.

Decoded sentence: two young children in white and black face are riding in a group of paint and a stroller.
Answer sentence: the two young children are in black and white face paint and costumes while riding in a stroller, they are being pushed by a man also in face paint and a costume

Decoded sentence: two people are hanging at a woman picture on a wall.
Answer sentence: the two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall.

Decoded sentence: two people walking on a rock crossing the river.
Answer sentence: the two people are crossing the river by walking on the rocks.

Decoded sentence: two men are fixing something.
Answer sentence: the two man are fixing something.

Decoded sentence: the beautiful horse is being horse.
Answer sentence: the two horses are beautiful.

Decoded sentence: two girls are playing on a and yellow and yellow rope gym.
Answer sentence: the two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two dogs with a tall clothing are in an which is a flat field.
Answer sentence: the two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through the water side by the side.
Answer sentence: the two dogs are running through the water side by side.

Decoded sentence: two.
Answer sentence: the two bare feet of gymnast are seen balancing atop a large, red balance ball at a public event.

Decoded sentence: a green tree.
Answer sentence: the trees are green

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman.
Answer sentence: the trailer is white

Decoded sentence: yellow traffic light.
Answer sentence: the traffic lights are painted yellow

Decoded sentence: traffic light is a all for the all way.
Answer sentence: the traffic light could be dangerous the way it is hung.

Decoded sentence: a woman is a child a running and a.
Answer sentence: the tow company is named `` sovereign ''.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black and white striped shirt and they are standing by the river as the.
Answer sentence: the tourists are out on the river in italy, the man in the black and white striped shirt will tell them about the seine.

Decoded sentence: a tour of a tour shirt is wearing a dark shirt and he is pointing out the sign to the young.
Answer sentence: the tour guide wore a dark shirt and cap as he pointed out the sign listing the rules to his young passengers.

Decoded sentence: three men and three women wearing black jackets with yellow tape are wearing yellow.
Answer sentence: the three men are all wearing a black jacket with yellow highlighting tape.

Decoded sentence: a lone man wearing a wearing a large knit shirt and gray pants and carrying a tools on.
Answer sentence: the thin, older man wearing an orange-striped shirt and gray pants carries his tools on a vintage gray bicycle and rests for a moment by the corrugated building.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player wearing a headband to her eyes and her eyes.
Answer sentence: the tennis player wears a headband to protect his eyes from sweat.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player has his hair while having her hair.
Answer sentence: the tennis player has her hair tied back

Decoded sentence: the looking her looking in the gate.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is wedged in the gate

Decoded sentence: the looking her one is in brown nose with brown nose and a.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is tan with a brown nose and a white muzzle.

Decoded sentence: the woman is having a camera while on the bottom of the feet of their feet.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear has white pads on the bottom of its feet.

Decoded sentence: the tail of a airplane with a yellow circle and a yellow circle in what appears to be a.
Answer sentence: the tail of the airplane has a yellow circle with what appears to be an animal in the center.

Decoded sentence: a table is setting with many type of food.
Answer sentence: the table is set with many types of food.

Decoded sentence: the sun is being some on a train track and track.
Answer sentence: the sun sprinkles light on the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: the sun is on as he 's and a boat or hot he.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining on the man 's forehead and he must be hot with the hat on.

Decoded sentence: a busy store being people with customers waiting in the customers waiting in a line and.
Answer sentence: the store is very busy and clustered with customers and their shopping carts waiting in line and shopping.

Decoded sentence: stop sign up against the side of a bus.
Answer sentence: the stop sign is folded up against the side of the bus.

Decoded sentence: a dog on a brown and face 's face.
Answer sentence: the spots on the giraffe 's face are smaller than the ones on its neck.

Decoded sentence: spectators wearing hats.
Answer sentence: the spectators wear hats

Decoded sentence: the they are walking on the dry looking the other.
Answer sentence: the soil they walk on looks very dry.

Decoded sentence: soccer player wearing gold jersey is covering the opposing team from the opposing team.
Answer sentence: the soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player.

Decoded sentence: soccer player in red kick over the ball of white to his his playing on white their.
Answer sentence: the soccer player in red kicks the ball over the head of his white and green clad opponent.

Decoded sentence: a snowboarder sitting down.
Answer sentence: the snowboarder is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: snow is a covered down near a parking lot.
Answer sentence: the snow is packed down tightly near the parking lot.

Decoded sentence: smiling woman in a red helmet is holding a long group of long rope.
Answer sentence: the smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.

Decoded sentence: a small girl in a.
Answer sentence: the small girl in the hello kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball.

Decoded sentence: a small and white and a small dog is walking in the green grass.
Answer sentence: the small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: a small dog plays in the snow.
Answer sentence: the small dogs play in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a small boy in a red hat has a girl.
Answer sentence: the small boy in the red hat has a cracker.

Decoded sentence: a clear blue sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue and clear.

Decoded sentence: blue sky is a woman and a woman.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue

Decoded sentence: the sky in the background has a dark blue and blue top, has a big top, at the bottom.
Answer sentence: the sky in the background has an ombre effect, darker blue at the top and lighter blue at the bottom.

Decoded sentence: a looks and brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.
Answer sentence: the skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.

Decoded sentence: a skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.
Answer sentence: the skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder in a white shirt and shirt on a ledge looking on the other as the background.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a sign for a group of their taking a man look on.
Answer sentence: the sign indicates a marker for the arlington line.

Decoded sentence: a sidewalk that is being go to be preparing.
Answer sentence: the sidewalk closest to us is deserted.

Decoded sentence: a man and a black leather shoes are all black shoes for a living black dress in a nice.
Answer sentence: the shoeshine man, who shines shoes for a living, is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless male marathon runners wearing backpacks and a silver helmet is wearing a man.
Answer sentence: the shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head.

Decoded sentence: the shadow of the tree is being project by a field by the sun.
Answer sentence: the shadows of trees are projected onto the field by the sun.

Decoded sentence: a security guard smiling.
Answer sentence: the security guard is smiling.

Decoded sentence: scuba people are scuba underwater.
Answer sentence: the scuba diver is underwater.

Decoded sentence: some an all man wearing white uniforms standing in front of a ship.
Answer sentence: the sailor wearing his white uniform and cap with his arms folded a standing in front of the ship as two man with blue coats are talking

Decoded sentence: a woman is attached to a chain to a chain.
Answer sentence: the rusty lock is attached to a chain.

Decoded sentence: a while laying with his head and the first steps on the first steps of some green.
Answer sentence: the rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair.

Decoded sentence: a room being.
Answer sentence: the room is carpeted.

Decoded sentence: the road is people with other in an at an art picture.
Answer sentence: the road is paved with grey bricks.

Decoded sentence: the is the water is being plays and the sunlight.
Answer sentence: the ripples in the water reflect the sunlight.

Decoded sentence: a red line is being stand.
Answer sentence: the red lines are slanted.

Decoded sentence: the people have their on their hands in the.
Answer sentence: the policeman is having note in his hand.

Decoded sentence: a pole has two pedestrians and having two other signs.
Answer sentence: the pole has two pedestrian signs bolted to it.

Decoded sentence: a player is standing on a field of the baseball team and there is many people watching.
Answer sentence: the players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.

Decoded sentence: the plate with their around the stands and their of a club are doing a play wearing a club.
Answer sentence: the plate with the cheeseburger has a knife, fork, and spoon, while the plate with the club sandwich does not.

Decoded sentence: plants or both are all using their bicycles.
Answer sentence: the plants or shrubs have not been trimmed and are overgrown.

Decoded sentence: picture is of a downtown area walking with people walking on the sidewalk crossing the.
Answer sentence: the picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street, and walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: picture appears to be all of the in the air.
Answer sentence: the picture appears to be all in black and white except for blue and red colors.

Decoded sentence: photographer holds up a.
Answer sentence: the photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.

Decoded sentence: a person wearing the right towards a person wearing a blue and other people seem out to.
Answer sentence: the person towards the right is wearing riot uniform while people seem to be filing out.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bicycle wearing red.
Answer sentence: the person on the bicycle is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: a person in a striped shirt is mountain climbing.
Answer sentence: the person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing.

Decoded sentence: people watching the.
Answer sentence: the people watch the batter.

Decoded sentence: people on the street with their people wearing.
Answer sentence: the people on the street need to be wearing sunscreen.

Decoded sentence: people having an animal with them.
Answer sentence: the people have some animals with them.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in all white are having a good time.
Answer sentence: the people dressed in all white are having a good time.

Decoded sentence: people walking up and up a ramp while a man walks on the road.
Answer sentence: the people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: people eating by a teal colored wall.
Answer sentence: the people are eating by a teal colored wall.

Decoded sentence: pedestrians are having some of the `` to it '' through the top on the top.
Answer sentence: the pedestrian sign has a bolt through it on the top and bottom.

Decoded sentence: park bench is being blue into the ground.
Answer sentence: the park bench is mounted into the ground.

Decoded sentence: the is the job on the crafts are both are are sitting and are both in the water on to the.
Answer sentence: the pain job on this craft is pleasing to the eye.

Decoded sentence: an older woman is talking to a child.
Answer sentence: the older woman is talking to the child.

Decoded sentence: a game is playing a game called the other is called off.
Answer sentence: the older male wearing a green shirt and shorts with black hair is teaching the younger male, wearing a graphic tee with blond-hair how to play a game, called bump off.

Decoded sentence: an older blond girl is making a crafts out of paper plate of a paper and tire tire.
Answer sentence: the older lady and dark-haired girl are making crafts out of paper plates and toilet paper rolls.

Decoded sentence: the naked cowboy is talking to the woman as the one of the bank is talking to a boy and.
Answer sentence: the naked cowboy outside of the bank of america is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by.

Decoded sentence: the musicians in the brown coats are walking in tennis shoes.
Answer sentence: the musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes.

Decoded sentence: a man and his woman lying under white walk.
Answer sentence: the mouse cord lies under a white napkin.

Decoded sentence: a mountain in the distance while wood in a snowy.
Answer sentence: the mountains in the distance are wooded and snowy.

Decoded sentence: a mountain biker in blue ride down a rocky path.
Answer sentence: the mountain biker in blue rides down a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: a motorcycle of her.
Answer sentence: the motorcycle is a honda.

Decoded sentence: a man climbs.
Answer sentence: the men are climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a brown is performing a while performing a while a look and watches.
Answer sentence: the man, who is wearing the handkerchief, is performing a task with the tub while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are playing and while other son are playing.
Answer sentence: the man, the wife and the son are playing together.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a picture along the brightly colored wall full of brightly graffiti.
Answer sentence: the man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.

Decoded sentence: a group 's ears are sticking out to as he has her hair and her hair.
Answer sentence: the man 's ears stick out because he has no hair.

Decoded sentence: a man with a cane is on a walk together.
Answer sentence: the man with the cane is on a walk.

Decoded sentence: a man with a backpack sits in a courtyard in front of art reading a art reading sculpture.
Answer sentence: the man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing orange is his tools from the other men in a white vest and a ball on a child.
Answer sentence: the man wearing orange is dropping tools from the upper scaffold to the man in the red vest on the lower scaffold.

Decoded sentence: a man is smiling while wearing a colorful outfit and holding hands for the camera.
Answer sentence: the man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.
Answer sentence: the man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.

Decoded sentence: a man is close in a water.
Answer sentence: the man stands close to the train at the busy train station.

Decoded sentence: the man sits on the sofa under the bridge while he is all around the other.
Answer sentence: the man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.

Decoded sentence: a man on a yellow basketball team is trying to be trying to block the other men on the.
Answer sentence: the man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot.

Decoded sentence: a man white in a white ball.
Answer sentence: the man is white.

Decoded sentence: a man is group is in a group.
Answer sentence: the man is welding the iron.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red outfit and a red mask standing in front of a man and an urban.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage.

Decoded sentence: a man stands upside down on a bottle with his hands on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is standing upside down on the bottle, with hands on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a man stands behind his with his vehicle to open back and his.
Answer sentence: the man is standing behind his opened back hatch of his vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a man skateboarding on a large brick staircase.
Answer sentence: the man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.

Decoded sentence: a man plays his hands on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a man playing guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man is on a ski boat in the water.
Answer sentence: the man is on a ski boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: a man of a dirt bike riding a stream of a stream on a rock climbing on the bank of the.
Answer sentence: the man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow shirt is singing and playing the guitar.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is singing and playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man in yellow pants is raising her arms.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.

Decoded sentence: a man in red and is being sitting while a man and is taking a place back for her construction.
Answer sentence: the man in the red, hooded sweatshirt looks back and construction is taking place on a shop with hebrew lettering.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hooded sweatshirt is looking large machine.
Answer sentence: the man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the large machine.

Decoded sentence: a man in a dark suit is doing a talk show.
Answer sentence: the man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.

Decoded sentence: a man in a cowboy hat looks very very sitting at a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the man in the cowboy hat looks at the motorcycle curiously.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is looking in the direction pointing a little boy pointing.
Answer sentence: the man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black leather jacket is white from a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a man in the background and a man in the foreground is talking to the camera.
Answer sentence: the man in the background is grilling food while the man in the foreground is talking to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man in black shorts and a green shirt with his number is about to kick a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: the man in black shorts and a green shirt with the number 25 on the back is about to kick the soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red checkered shirt has a beer and playing a frisbee in the park.
Answer sentence: the man in a red checkered shirt is having beer and playing frisbee in the park.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue sweatshirt is in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: the man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a man is carrying a shopping bag to a bus.
Answer sentence: the man carries his shopping bags to the bus.

Decoded sentence: a man carrying a large backpack hiking through a behind her.
Answer sentence: the man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman sitting by a boat.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are sitting by the boats.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman are drinking out of a group that is can can.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are drinking out of canning jars.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman resting their arms on a bench.
Answer sentence: the man and the women are resting their arms on the bench.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is being making a reading sign while the other is a man and.
Answer sentence: the little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for `` touchdown ! ''

Decoded sentence: a little girl swings in the backyard.
Answer sentence: the little girl swings in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: a little girl sits on top of a rock.
Answer sentence: the little girl sits on top of a rock.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a floating device in the water.
Answer sentence: the little girl is wearing a floating device in the water.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is helping out a little looking her object of her and his.
Answer sentence: the little girl is helping her little brother get soap out of the dispenser.

Decoded sentence: a little girl smiles as a man smiles.
Answer sentence: the little girl and the man are smiling.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting on a blue and man 's lap road and is driving on the shoreline 's down.
Answer sentence: the little boy sits on the man 's lap driving the blue tractor on the winding road down the hill.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in a red trunk is attempting to catch a soccer ball and caught towards him.
Answer sentence: the little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.

Decoded sentence: a flying light to his flying in the wind with other people.
Answer sentence: the light could become a flying object in a wind storm.

Decoded sentence: the light brown dog and the dark brown dog is running in the green grass.
Answer sentence: the light brown dog and dark brown dog are running in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: the lead singer is visiting with a band members sing along with a song and a woman has.
Answer sentence: the lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song.

Decoded sentence: the lead singer from the band holds up the microphone in the air against the purple background.
Answer sentence: the lead singer from a band is holding a microphone and both hands up in the air against a purple background.

Decoded sentence: the lead guitarist is playing on stage.
Answer sentence: the lead guitarist is playing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a large gray dog is jumping on the beach while jumping on the beach.
Answer sentence: the large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a large dancers are running around.
Answer sentence: the large dancer is slinging her hair around.

Decoded sentence: a.
Answer sentence: the lake looks very shallow.

Decoded sentence: a lady putting on his to his rock and putting on a mirror.
Answer sentence: the lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: a lady is lifting a gym and is being on.
Answer sentence: the lady at the gym is lifting weights.

Decoded sentence: a kitchen workers at a restaurant observing a dining room and a man in a red jacket.
Answer sentence: the kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a kid sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Answer sentence: the kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.

Decoded sentence: the kid is on a float in the snow.
Answer sentence: the kid is on a float in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a kid is being her bike while riding their bikes.
Answer sentence: the kid is learning to ride a bike.

Decoded sentence: a white and white.
Answer sentence: the keyboard is white

Decoded sentence: the is being blue by a group is being blue and blue.
Answer sentence: the journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.

Decoded sentence: the is looking a woman in an orange shirt leaps over a blue barrel.
Answer sentence: the inline skater boy, in the orange shirt, is leaping over a blue barrel.

Decoded sentence: the image of a `` runs '' and the tree in the background.
Answer sentence: the image of the giraffe is clear, but the tree in the background is blurry.

Decoded sentence: an image is being her.
Answer sentence: the image links are broken.

Decoded sentence: the image is of a red and white is a small red box.
Answer sentence: the image is of a red x inside a small white box.

Decoded sentence: the together is looking the same building and the other is being watched.
Answer sentence: the horsies look to be the same age.

Decoded sentence: a horse on his right right is red in the air.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right is red.

Decoded sentence: a horse on the right has a red and a woman.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right has a red mane.

Decoded sentence: a horse on a left left.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left is brown.

Decoded sentence: a horse on the left has white to have her looks on.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has white markings.

Decoded sentence: a horse on the left has a white and white.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has a white mane.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a gray and gray t-shirt seems to be a little girl with a brown dress and he is.
Answer sentence: the guy in the gray wagamama t-shirt seems a little tipsy as he chats with the woman smiling wearing a brown dress and mardi gras necklaces holding a glass of ale.

Decoded sentence: the is being young on a cake and orange in yellow and red and a group.
Answer sentence: the gummy bears on the cake are green, orange, yellow, and red in color.

Decoded sentence: the ground is being pulled with a woman who is being pulled into a playing with the road.
Answer sentence: the ground where the bike is parked is muddy with pebbles embedded into the road.

Decoded sentence: the ground is covered in the snow.
Answer sentence: the ground is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: the woman is jumping on a great wall that is both of the china.
Answer sentence: the groom and bride are both jumping on the great wall of china.

Decoded sentence: a green team is lifting a player up the red team and is.
Answer sentence: the green team lifts a player up in victory after a hard game, but will the red team interfere ?

Decoded sentence: the grass in the field is short the grass.
Answer sentence: the grass in the field is short.

Decoded sentence: a girl jumps into the air on the beach.
Answer sentence: the girls is jumping into the air on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a green tank top and gray shorts is standing in the middle of an empty railroad.
Answer sentence: the girl with the green tank top and gray shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track.

Decoded sentence: a girl with sunglasses and a white and white shirt is sitting on a bench next to a girl.
Answer sentence: the girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand.
Answer sentence: the girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a girl on a unicycle is reaching out for a child on a scooter.
Answer sentence: the girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a white shirt with a pink skirt and she is standing in front of a house.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a white shirt with pink skirt, and she is standing in front of a house.

Decoded sentence: a girl rolling up a large woman for his in the.
Answer sentence: the girl is rolling up a large bundle of wool.

Decoded sentence: a girl is going to the other.
Answer sentence: the girl is pursing her lips.

Decoded sentence: a girl plays with a dog in a statue.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing with her dog in her driveway.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the colored bikini is standing next to two young people and one is drinking.
Answer sentence: the girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a purple top and shorts is laughing while another is laughing.
Answer sentence: the girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.

Decoded sentence: a girl in pink clothing and a girl in a blue and blue shirt looks and his wearing a green.
Answer sentence: the girl in the pink clothing scribbled in the sand with her finger while a girl clad in a blue green shirt looked in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a jacket with a cement and a bike is on to her right in his mouth.
Answer sentence: the girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a pink shirt is high high in the background.
Answer sentence: the girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a bright pink skirt is dancing near a stroller.
Answer sentence: the girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a black shirt is reading a with a of her friends and friends of her while his.
Answer sentence: the girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers.

Decoded sentence: a girl eating and wearing a red jacket.
Answer sentence: the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: someone 's mouth close to the.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's mouth is closed.

Decoded sentence: a brown and brown 's dog is being man 's by a white line.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's brown spots are separated by white lines.

Decoded sentence: a group of faces to the left.
Answer sentence: the giraffe is facing to the left

Decoded sentence: a gentleman is being stand very well to be a large or blue to be a white and blue flag.
Answer sentence: the gentleman is quite well groomed.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: the gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling.

Decoded sentence: the person shows a instrument for the instrument and shows something in the background.
Answer sentence: the fuzzy photo shows a male singer at a mike, with instruments arranged in the background.

Decoded sentence: fruit and a group of with all people and their to have to the water.
Answer sentence: the fruits should be treated with lemon juice when sliced to prevent oxidation.

Decoded sentence: four asian girls stand on the street corner with their boys on their shoulder.
Answer sentence: the four asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: the football player wearing purple pants and gold and white jersey.
Answer sentence: the football players wear purple pants, gold helmets and white jerseys.

Decoded sentence: a red and white football player in a white and white is a crowd.
Answer sentence: the football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: the football player is running with the football and trying to her.
Answer sentence: the football player is running with a football trying to score.

Decoded sentence: food is being some of them are being child and is eating.
Answer sentence: the food needs to be eaten soon.

Decoded sentence: the floor is being boy.
Answer sentence: the floor is tiled.

Decoded sentence: the first and first is a front of the front and one is being hat.
Answer sentence: the first basemen for the atlanta braves chokes the baseball.

Decoded sentence: a field is a fence.
Answer sentence: the field is fenced in.

Decoded sentence: someone 's nose is nose.
Answer sentence: the elephant 's nose is curled.

Decoded sentence: an elderly lady in a green dress is walking down the street using an elderly dress using.
Answer sentence: the elderly lady in the green dress walks down the street while using a cane to support herself.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a gray shirt attempting to be being attempting to someone into a beer while.
Answer sentence: the drunk man in the gray shirt is attempting to drill into a keg of beer, while another keg awaits.

Decoded sentence: young people dressed up and sitting in chairs as they wait.
Answer sentence: the dressed up young people are sitting in chairs while they wait.

Decoded sentence: a woman is very out of something in the background.
Answer sentence: the double sink is freshly polished chrome.

Decoded sentence: a dog is being their with red other there is red.
Answer sentence: the dogs are joined together with a red harness.

Decoded sentence: a dog walks on high the other.
Answer sentence: the dog walks on the high plank.

Decoded sentence: a dog is laying on the ground next to a little girl with a red bike.
Answer sentence: the dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike.

Decoded sentence: a dog is chasing a woman around a yard.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing the goat around the yard.

Decoded sentence: a dog is carrying a toy through the grass.
Answer sentence: the dog is carrying a toy through the grass.

Decoded sentence: a dog in a red vest runs in a field.
Answer sentence: the dog in the red vest runs in the field.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: the dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll.

Decoded sentence: someone 's be all 's their horses as a red.
Answer sentence: the cylinder 's pattern could be described as red chevron.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist making a push position after trying to after a that is being pulled down and.
Answer sentence: the cyclist makes another push to try and keep his position after slowly down to round a corner.

Decoded sentence: a group of young young young in a with a cup of them.
Answer sentence: the cup is shiny.

Decoded sentence: a crowd is gathered to watch an sporting event.
Answer sentence: the crowd is gathered to watch a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a couple looking at a large ship in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a couple eating a meal outside.
Answer sentence: the couple eat their meal outside.

Decoded sentence: the color of the all woman 's clothing.
Answer sentence: the colors of the woman 's clothing do not coordinate.

Decoded sentence: the color of a kitchen and black is a white and black man and white are all in a black.
Answer sentence: the colors of the kitchen are monotone colors of white, tan, gray, and black.

Decoded sentence: a woman running down a blue and yellow board.
Answer sentence: the collie is running down a blue and yellow board.

Decoded sentence: a child plays on four are on a field in a field.
Answer sentence: the children played on the four wheeler in the field.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on the deck and has a red bucket on his head.
Answer sentence: the child playing on the deck has a red bucket on their head.

Decoded sentence: a child leaping across a to have a on a an to a man and an hands.
Answer sentence: the child leaps across to land on the frog statue.

Decoded sentence: a child is women playing and being guitar.
Answer sentence: the child is playing hide and seek in the hay.

Decoded sentence: the cheerleaders in red and white are sitting on the knee knee and knee for a red and white.
Answer sentence: the cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: the center is having a white and white with a on his is head in the middle of the head.
Answer sentence: the center horse has a white spot on his in the middle of his head.

Decoded sentence: a cat is being jumping.
Answer sentence: the cat is squinting.

Decoded sentence: a cat looks out of the window to the ground above a building in the building.
Answer sentence: the cat is looking out of a window situated above ground level in a building.

Decoded sentence: the camera is caught in the front of the waiting building and the man is walking in front.
Answer sentence: the camera catches some movement as a man walks in front of the alpha dental group building.

Decoded sentence: a bus is being.
Answer sentence: the bus is gleaming

Decoded sentence: the building is being jumping project.
Answer sentence: the building is undergoing a construction project.

Decoded sentence: the building has many windows.
Answer sentence: the building has many windows

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is in the snow.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog catches a ball in the air.
Answer sentence: the brown dog catches a ball in the air.

Decoded sentence: a brown bottle of a group called winter people called a.
Answer sentence: the brown bottle of beer is called winter hook.

Decoded sentence: a brown and black dog jumping up a red ball to catch a red ball.
Answer sentence: the brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball.

Decoded sentence: the while the three back back are serving the snow and the man is the snow is wearing the.
Answer sentence: the brilliant white snow serves as a back drop as five men wearing snow boards and winter attire plan their snow boarding adventures.

Decoded sentence: a boy has night out his woman from her while some other are sleeping at the table and two.
Answer sentence: the boys are having a night out from homework ; some are at the table while two are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a red soccer suit and a boy in a white shirt has her eyes on.
Answer sentence: the boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.

Decoded sentence: a boy skateboarding on a bench by a fence.
Answer sentence: the boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence.

Decoded sentence: a boy plays with a colorful ribbon.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing with a colorful ribbon.

Decoded sentence: a boy jumps in the air.
Answer sentence: the boy is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a gray t-shirt is standing next to a girl in a green dress dressed in a green.
Answer sentence: the boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards the ball as another boy in a red.
Answer sentence: the boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a swim trunks is laying face down on a dirt pavement.
Answer sentence: the boy in swim trunks is laying face down on a watery pavement.

Decoded sentence: a boy in gray is taking a picture of his friends in a striped sweatshirt doing tricks on.
Answer sentence: the boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a white boat.
Answer sentence: the boat is white

Decoded sentence: a boat has two large who is looking.
Answer sentence: the boat has two large masts.

Decoded sentence: there is a blue team members and the other red are behind a red team members.
Answer sentence: the blue team member is behind the red team member and there are fans blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: a while a woman tennis player wearing a white shirt and green skirt.
Answer sentence: the blonde tennis player is wearing a white shirt and a green tennis skirt.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman in a black shirt seems to be being plays `` his adult is being red, wearing.
Answer sentence: the blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: a blond man sits on a with a beach and taking pictures of sunset.
Answer sentence: the blond man is sitting on a case at the beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: the blades of the scissors overlap.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is standing by a wall next to an orange.
Answer sentence: the black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange.

Decoded sentence: a black dog catches a ball while another white watches.
Answer sentence: the black dog is catching a ball, while the white one watches.

Decoded sentence: a black dog and a brown dog are running by a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: the black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running.

Decoded sentence: a black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person is standing nearby.
Answer sentence: the black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.

Decoded sentence: a black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch the nearby.
Answer sentence: the black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.

Decoded sentence: the bird 's feet are being at the window where the bird 's.
Answer sentence: the bird 's feet are grasping the window tightly.

Decoded sentence: a biker rides around a curve in the road.
Answer sentence: the biker is riding around a curve in the road.

Decoded sentence: a bike rider runs with a red bike while his `` looks and her on him and wearing a green.
Answer sentence: the bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him, both wearing green outfits and black helmets.

Decoded sentence: a bike is other metal to the metal post.
Answer sentence: the bike is secured to a metal post.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman at the top of an tower or surrounded by some sort of fence.
Answer sentence: the bell at the top of the tower appears to be surrounded by some sort of fence or wiring.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful oriental building are being their other together.
Answer sentence: the beautiful oriental building is being occupied.

Decoded sentence: a woman is spinning an object.
Answer sentence: the beast may ruin the objects.

Decoded sentence: the woman seems to be having a play or look or it.
Answer sentence: the bears seem to have a friendly or familiar relationship.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands by the water.
Answer sentence: the bears are standing by water.

Decoded sentence: the beard is brown and the woman is in the background.
Answer sentence: the beard have brown fur.

Decoded sentence: the is a beach walking on the shoreline along the shoreline.
Answer sentence: the beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline

Decoded sentence: a woman in a bat.
Answer sentence: the bat looks worn.

Decoded sentence: the bat is seated with a ball.
Answer sentence: the bat connects with the ball.

Decoded sentence: the basketball player wearing a white outfit and orange sneakers is laying up.
Answer sentence: the basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up.

Decoded sentence: the ball and boy waiting on the side of the tennis court as they watch the ball.
Answer sentence: the ball boys are waiting on the side lines of the tennis court while they watch the lady hitting the ball.

Decoded sentence: the back side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: the back side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two back of two women looking at the mirror that one of the woman is seen in the mirror.
Answer sentence: the back of two women looking at something which ca n't be seen but the reflection of one of the women can be seen in the mirror on the table.

Decoded sentence: the back of a woman wearing a hat and holding two indian in her hand and one hand in her.
Answer sentence: the back of hat wearing juggler holding two indian clubs in one hand and one in the other hand.

Decoded sentence: the back of a stop stop and gather very very close.
Answer sentence: the back of a stop sign is visible in front of the stone building.

Decoded sentence: a crowd in the distance and the back of a blue striped top is showing.
Answer sentence: the back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown, a crowd in the distance.

Decoded sentence: a and a is a young animal.
Answer sentence: the animals look very happy and healthy.

Decoded sentence: some people are all in a water.
Answer sentence: the animals do not look aggressive.

Decoded sentence: a man and animal.
Answer sentence: the animals coexist peacefully.

Decoded sentence: the airplane is being photographed from above.
Answer sentence: the airplane is being photographed from above.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is posing for a photo in front of flowers and a carrying a of which is a.
Answer sentence: the little girl poses for a photo in front of flowers and pumpkins.

Decoded sentence: an all its its mother with a safety vest is running ahead of a other wearing a play.
Answer sentence: the irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the rottwieler and the dalmation.

Decoded sentence: an group of people are their bicycles from the pond.
Answer sentence: the irish setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond.

Decoded sentence: the man is an jumps while the one is behind the playing with the running run against the.
Answer sentence: the houston texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the nfc north-worst minnesota vikings, who are big rivals with the elite green bay packers.

Decoded sentence: the german and dog dog is running after a white dog as they run on the grass.
Answer sentence: the german shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a woman driver listening to a jumps in a green hard her ship to a ship and is loading her.
Answer sentence: the fedex driver listens to the workman in the green hard hat while the equipment to ship is being loaded.

Decoded sentence: a man park with a sit park on the very sit and slide with his playing all on his with his.
Answer sentence: the drayton manor theme park roller coaster on a downward slide with frightened and joyous male and female passengers.

Decoded sentence: a man and a black lab black lab get the toy in the other in a yellow and one is getting.
Answer sentence: the chocolate lab jumps too late to get the toy as the black lab captures it in the driveway.

Decoded sentence: a group of 4 girls rollerskating together in an outdoor rink with many people and a sunny.
Answer sentence: the 4 guys were rollerskating and blading a conga line in the outdoor staking rink with many other people on the sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the greyhound dog 2 dogs are running around the track.
Answer sentence: the

Decoded sentence: an outside of a man seems to be a with a man in a heavy jacket, a red jacket, and a cold.
Answer sentence: the `` white out '' conditions of snow on the ground seem to almost obliverate the details of a man dressed for the cold weather in a heavy jacket and red hat riding a bicycle in a suburban neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: the sitting and man are gathered together and are gathered on a sandy beach and sandy net.
Answer sentence: ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking around in the wire with a sidewalk with a woman and wire.
Answer sentence: telephone wires are visible.

Decoded sentence: a teens dressed in a native while a.
Answer sentence: teens dressed as native americans sit in the park with their school bags on the ground.

Decoded sentence: teenagers enjoying their together in a pedestrians area.
Answer sentence: teenagers enjoy skateboarding in a pedestrian area.

Decoded sentence: a group party and a blond man kicking on a boat.
Answer sentence: teenagers are partying on a boat while a blond teenager is kicking a man.

Decoded sentence: teenagers look out the window of a bus.
Answer sentence: teenagers are looking out the window of a bus.

Decoded sentence: a female with an ice and a female woman standing in the background smiles.
Answer sentence: tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background.

Decoded sentence: a man in a `` animal '' print man in a print print and is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: tanned man in a animal print speedo walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: a swimmer is while a group of water while performing something into a woman on a flip while.
Answer sentence: swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and white pants is swinging a golf club surrounded by spectators.
Answer sentence: surrounded by spectators, a man in a red shirt, white pants and visor, swings a golf club.

Decoded sentence: woman with a woman and a woman sitting on a table while raising her tower while in front.
Answer sentence: surrounded by 5 other people in a room, a woman with raised hands smiles as a balanced tapered jenga tower sits on the table in front of her.

Decoded sentence: woman being walk on the beach under bright sun.
Answer sentence: sunbathers frolic on the beach under a bright sun.

Decoded sentence: the sun is being held by a stroller enjoying music on the water.
Answer sentence: sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.

Decoded sentence: students looking and asian sitting down on steps and seems to be watching the distance.
Answer sentence: students that look to be asian are sitting down on steps at a college campus and seem to be watching something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: students dressed in all are getting into the other snowy and one is getting into the other.
Answer sentence: students standing on a snowy beach are getting dressed in seeming anticipation of jumping into the arctic water.

Decoded sentence: students lined up and making a to check their at an to check their to check their night.
Answer sentence: students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices.

Decoded sentence: students sit in a classroom listening to six people.
Answer sentence: students are sitting in a classroom listening to six people who are teaching.

Decoded sentence: a brown and brown image of a brown dog with a white patch of people in a background sitting.
Answer sentence: stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: street vendor shows for sale to three customers.
Answer sentence: street vendors show their necklaces for sale to three customers.

Decoded sentence: street vendor makes a sale on a sidewalk as they pass beside a busy city street as they.
Answer sentence: street vendors make sales on the sidewalk while cars pass on the busy city streets beside them.

Decoded sentence: street vendor selling fruit and a street stand in the ground and selling fruits and vegetables.
Answer sentence: street vendors are selling fruits and vegetables in a stand and in large baskets on the ground.

Decoded sentence: street vendor in walks in an elderly people.
Answer sentence: street vendor in europe sells to several elderly people.

Decoded sentence: street performers by the beach on the woman playing the other on.
Answer sentence: street performer by the beach on stilts playing the tuba.

Decoded sentence: a stopped stop at a red light.
Answer sentence: stopping at a red light.

Decoded sentence: two are on an outdoor with large black and one workers.
Answer sentence: steam rises from a large outdoor vat as two workers look on.

Decoded sentence: an old gentleman and old gentleman using a screen to her audience and a lady in an audience.
Answer sentence: standing at a podium in front of a colorful mural and old gentleman uses a screen to communicate to other men at a table and in the audience.

Decoded sentence: a square is being to out in a green and white for a attire with green on green and white.
Answer sentence: square dancers decked out in green and white square-dance attire circle around on a tiled patio with arches and palm trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: the sprinkler is going off in the middle of a crowd.
Answer sentence: sprinkler goes off in the middle of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: photo as a man jumping off of a bridge as spectators watch and are while spectators watch.
Answer sentence: spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge.

Decoded sentence: spectators in sunglasses at an event.
Answer sentence: spectators in sunglasses at an event.

Decoded sentence: spectators dressed in red racing outfits hold green and green racing bicycles.
Answer sentence: spectators are watching a man who is dressed in a red racing outfit holding a green bicycle.

Decoded sentence: spectators seated behind a blue wall.
Answer sentence: spectators are seated behind a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: a child dressed in costume as some sort of something in the other in asia in the asia in.
Answer sentence: somewhere in asia, a child is dressed in a costume, possibly as a sort of demon, and is doing a presentation in front of a large audience.

Decoded sentence: a group wearing black shirt and gray and gray top, a white top and a walk.
Answer sentence: someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs.

Decoded sentence: a colorful blanket wearing a large hat and a large dress sitting on a colorful blanket.
Answer sentence: someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men 's dress shoes in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a group sleeping on a bench on a city street.
Answer sentence: someone sleeping on bench on city street.

Decoded sentence: someone riding a other on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: someone in a green his his his his his his face with his face on it.
Answer sentence: someone parasailing with a green parachute that has a face on the top of it

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing to the sheet music of a.
Answer sentence: someone making pencil edits to the sheet music of violoncelli

Decoded sentence: a group stands on a long bridge with a cloudy blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: someone is standing on a long bridge with a cloudy blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: someone looks out the window that is watching on the window to her all a riding a house.
Answer sentence: someone is looking out their window watching the mailman deliver their mail and drive on to the next house.

Decoded sentence: someone is in a speed boat on the water.
Answer sentence: someone is in a speed boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: a young woman on her shoulder is holding a shoulder and is reaching for her wire while.
Answer sentence: someone is holding a young women on their shoulders for her to be able to reach the area she would like to use a wire brush to scrape off peeling paint.

Decoded sentence: the in yellow pants are on a ramp over the snow over a that is on a city.
Answer sentence: someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow.

Decoded sentence: someone holds a piece of clear what they are looking down like a clear plastic dog on them.
Answer sentence: someone holding a piece of, what looks like clear plastic, down on a hard surface while they drill a hole through it.

Decoded sentence: a dog train to a dog.
Answer sentence: someone has trained the dog well.

Decoded sentence: young man looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is helping out the local with kids in their art are with the.
Answer sentence: some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities.

Decoded sentence: some sort of outdoor event with clown wearing a name who says `` the players ''.
Answer sentence: some sort of outdoor event with a clown wearing a name tag that says `` toodles ''.

Decoded sentence: people with black belt or black belt are performing martial arts on a green mat.
Answer sentence: some people with black belts, or black and red belts, are performing martial arts on a green mat.

Decoded sentence: people watching a little girl and his other is taking the other stand with their bubbles.
Answer sentence: some people are watching a little girl and a owner of a stand making bubbles with some the items he is selling.

Decoded sentence: people stand alone on the beach in swimsuits.
Answer sentence: some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits.

Decoded sentence: people paddle in the air filled raft.
Answer sentence: some people are paddling in an air filled raft.

Decoded sentence: some are people on the side of a track and some of the colors are being vegetables with.
Answer sentence: some of the trees on the side of the track are beginning to change color with the season.

Decoded sentence: some of the hair in their beard are turning and turn to the other.
Answer sentence: some of the hair in his beard are turning grey.

Decoded sentence: a cow together together while a group of them is sitting together.
Answer sentence: some cows cluster together.

Decoded sentence: construction workers taking a break.
Answer sentence: some construction workers are taking a break.

Decoded sentence: a child wearing a life jacket and paddle is in a raft.
Answer sentence: some children wearing life jackets and holding paddles are in a raft.

Decoded sentence: the child in the red shirt and the boy in the red shirt is crying and he is crying.
Answer sentence: some children are playing on a trampoline, a boy in a red shirt is covering his face as he cries.

Decoded sentence: soldiers stand next to a tank.
Answer sentence: soldiers stand next to a tank.

Decoded sentence: soccer players playing a game in front of a big crowd.
Answer sentence: soccer players playing a game in front of a big crowd.

Decoded sentence: soccer player kneeling down to tied tied down.
Answer sentence: soccer player kneeling down to tie her shoe.

Decoded sentence: soccer players kick off the ball while the coach looks on.
Answer sentence: soccer player kicks ball off tee as coach looks on.

Decoded sentence: soccer player trying to other ball while trying to other in red and other players to the.
Answer sentence: soccer player in blue trying to control the ball while the player in red tries to defend.

Decoded sentence: snow kicking up by a board.
Answer sentence: snow is being kicked up by the board.

Decoded sentence: a boy smiles is in the blue shirt and blue jeans is smiling in front of the rock wall with.
Answer sentence: smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him.

Decoded sentence: a small kid sitting inside a tractor playing in the dirt.
Answer sentence: small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt.

Decoded sentence: small girl in a teal dress on arm of chair reaching for a lamp and lamp.
Answer sentence: small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp.

Decoded sentence: a small child with dark hair dressed in a brown and sandals with her sandals and they are.
Answer sentence: small children with dark hair, dressed in brown smocks with sandals make faces as they dance.

Decoded sentence: small child with blue and blue in bending bending over at a beach.
Answer sentence: small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach.

Decoded sentence: small child with black hair standing in a car track near a woman.
Answer sentence: small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers.

Decoded sentence: a small child wearing a yellow life jacket is walking in the sand with a both on his head.
Answer sentence: small child wearing a yellow life jacket walks in the sand with their boogieboard on their head.

Decoded sentence: a small child in green shorts and green shirt is a woman is bending looking at something.
Answer sentence: small child in green shorts and green shirt squatting and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: a small boy wearing a blue shirt and glasses man a blue and glasses while the other is.
Answer sentence: small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: a small boy dancing in the water near a building and a building.
Answer sentence: small boy dancing in a water sprinkler near a building.

Decoded sentence: a small black and white dog wearing a red with a red shirt is running around a ball in.
Answer sentence: small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: a an together running in the sand on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: a sled dog pulling a sled through a snowy forest.
Answer sentence: sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: woman at the top of a snow covered hill.
Answer sentence: skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.

Decoded sentence: a skier takes a steep path down the mountain.
Answer sentence: skier takes a steep path down the mountain.

Decoded sentence: three spectators wearing black pants and white shirts performing a trick while other spectators.
Answer sentence: skateboarding wearing black pants, a white shirt, and a blue hat performing a skateboarding trick while three spectators look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder on a ramp seen seen through a chain link fence.
Answer sentence: skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.

Decoded sentence: six young men out on a balcony wearing blue jeans with blue shirts.
Answer sentence: six young men out on the balcony wearing blue jeans with their shirts off.

Decoded sentence: six young men and women sitting and standing around a table at a bowling alley.
Answer sentence: six young man and one young woman are sitting and standing around a table at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: six women in a work room sitting down and makeup while in front of a mirror.
Answer sentence: six women in a dressing room are sitting down, applying makeup, and talking in front of mirrors.

Decoded sentence: six women dressed cheerleaders with their are standing at a field during a game during.
Answer sentence: six skimpily dressed cheerleaders with pompoms are standing at the game field sidelines during an outside event.

Decoded sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.
Answer sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: six people stand in concrete and a building with a piece of plastic plastic on the floor.
Answer sentence: six people are standing in a concrete block building with a piece of plastic and a green basket on the floor.

Decoded sentence: six men sitting around a desk and a woman looking through papers with his computers.
Answer sentence: six men sitting around a desk with computers while a woman dressed in a white suit looks through papers.

Decoded sentence: six men are using their eyes from the sun.
Answer sentence: six men shielding their eyes from the sun

Decoded sentence: six men seat in a wooden boat while two of the the background are surrounding a log.
Answer sentence: six men seat in a wooden boat while two are the background surrounded by logs and a green landscape

Decoded sentence: six children and a boy are jumping into a swimming pool.
Answer sentence: six children, boys and girls, jumping into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: six children in lacrosse uniforms are running on a field and is running on the field.
Answer sentence: six children in lacrosse uniforms and helmets run on a field.

Decoded sentence: six boys playing football and one has running a football.
Answer sentence: six boys play football, and one has the football and is running.

Decoded sentence: six.
Answer sentence: six hispanic males are moving a giant fishing net with fish inside the net, with a jetty of rocks and a beach with the waves washing in the background.

Decoded sentence: while sitting and a woman on an open sit by open books on a public street holding an ring.
Answer sentence: sitting casually in a public place, a girl reads holding the book open with her hand on which is a butterfly ring.

Decoded sentence: a group sits at a table with an empty beer and is having a woman and a younger look on.
Answer sentence: sitting at a table with beer empty beer mugs on it one brother is has a birthday cake sliced with sprinkler lit up while the younger brother is smiling with his eyes closed.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless man wearing a woman in a large crowd of people reading and just be just be.
Answer sentence: shirtless man wearing rollerskates in a large crowd with a sweat towel that reads `` just love me ''.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless guy and three women walking off a crowd sitting outside in a cafe.
Answer sentence: shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless construction worker building the by a home of home.
Answer sentence: shirtless construction worker builds interior of home.

Decoded sentence: a youth stand around in a dirty with a two young dirty and one is playing in a dirty dirty.
Answer sentence: several youth stand around watching as a banjo player, piano player, and guitar players play in a dirty setting.

Decoded sentence: young woman walking along a beautiful hallway.
Answer sentence: several young women walking along a beautiful hallway

Decoded sentence: young woman preparing to do a volleyball on an indoor volleyball court while his coach.
Answer sentence: several young women are preparing to play or practice volleyball on a indoor volleyball court while coaches are seated nearby.

Decoded sentence: young people sit at a table playing and some are playing.
Answer sentence: several young people sit at a table playing poker.

Decoded sentence: young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.
Answer sentence: several young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: young people are standing together while drinking some some some are drinking and drinking.
Answer sentence: several young people are standing around drinking beverages at some kind of outdoors gathering with food.

Decoded sentence: young child in halloween costumes watch an outdoor event.
Answer sentence: several young children in halloween costumes watching an outdoor event.

Decoded sentence: young black people are setting the market streets in their doing a that is to be a town.
Answer sentence: several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town.

Decoded sentence: woman waiting outside in the city.
Answer sentence: several women wait outside in a city.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting while holding a man on an an two are sitting.
Answer sentence: several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in a with a child and a orange shirt walking out in a public space.
Answer sentence: several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.

Decoded sentence: woman walking down a city street.
Answer sentence: several women are walking down a city street.

Decoded sentence: a table is setting up with produce on them.
Answer sentence: several tables are set up with produce on them.

Decoded sentence: street performers wearing matching white and matching garb and drum are men and a drum.
Answer sentence: several street performers beat tribal drums and dance while wearing matching white and red garb.

Decoded sentence: soccer players stand by in a grassy field and a grassy field with buildings in the background.
Answer sentence: several soccer players stand by in a brown, grassy, rural field with a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people and a box are women on an urban street near a white building and some of the other.
Answer sentence: several people, some with umbrellas, milling about on an urban street near a white building with a mailbox and newspaper boxes in front of it, and a street sign that says `` park ave ''.

Decoded sentence: people including a shirtless man in purple shorts and a woman in purple shorts walk through.
Answer sentence: several people, including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say `` p.i.n.k. '' on the back, are walking through a crowded outdoor area.

Decoded sentence: people including a man in a green shirt and a woman wearing a green scarf are dancing at.
Answer sentence: several people, including a man in a green shirt and a woman wearing a scarf, are dancing at a party.

Decoded sentence: people watching the one in the wearing a is a wheelie down a street.
Answer sentence: several people watch a daredevil on a quad ride a wheelie down the street.

Decoded sentence: people walking past food on a city street.
Answer sentence: several people walking past a food cart on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a woman who is along the building of various on various material.
Answer sentence: several people walking along a curved walkway inside of a building with various advertisements.

Decoded sentence: people walk up a set of stairs with an alleyway painted on the wall and there is walking.
Answer sentence: several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls

Decoded sentence: people walking up a staircase.
Answer sentence: several people walk up a staircase.

Decoded sentence: people walk along a waterway with a boy and a scooter.
Answer sentence: several people walk along a waterway including a boy with a scooter.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a crowded subway while two women stand in the middle of two women holding.
Answer sentence: several people sit on a crowded subway, while two woman stand in the middle holding the poles.

Decoded sentence: people are wearing some of winter are preparing for the winter skiing as their stand.
Answer sentence: several people preparing for winter sporting activities such as snowboarding and skiing.

Decoded sentence: people jogging outside on a sunny day that seem to be a neighborhood of marathon that is.
Answer sentence: several people jogging outside on a sunny day in what seems to be a neighborhood, could be part of a marathon.

Decoded sentence: people in are laying on a gymnasium floor as a person stands and on her legs is to make.
Answer sentence: several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor, while a standing person grasps one of their legs.

Decoded sentence: people in the.
Answer sentence: several people in a semicircle are holding folders and singing in a wooded area with many people in the background.

Decoded sentence: people at a ski area with a pine tree trees in the background.
Answer sentence: several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk down the street that appears to be on a cigarette in the while one is appears.
Answer sentence: several people are walking down a street, ignoring a mime in a turban, who appears to be sitting on something while on a cigarette break.

Decoded sentence: people standing under a stroll and two ladies are facing each other with their hands in.
Answer sentence: several people are standing under a tarp ; two ladies are facing each other and one has a backpack on with her hands in her jeans pockets while the other one has a cigarette in her hand.

Decoded sentence: people stand around a small building with pictures painted on the roof of the.
Answer sentence: several people are standing around a small building with a picture of a wasp painted on the roof and the side.

Decoded sentence: people in the outdoors are socializing while wearing suits and bathing suits.
Answer sentence: several people are socializing outdoors in the woods wearing bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: people running a race next to a very green wearing.
Answer sentence: several people are running a race next to a vineyard.

Decoded sentence: people riding on a roller coaster going on a roller coaster while various other are their.
Answer sentence: several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways.

Decoded sentence: people ride their motorcycles down a narrow street.
Answer sentence: several people are riding motorcycles down a narrow street.

Decoded sentence: people are playing in a fountain.
Answer sentence: several people are playing in the fountains.

Decoded sentence: people are playing baseball on a grassy lawn with other at a her building in the background.
Answer sentence: several people are playing baseball on a grassy lawn, with a government building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people children and a large colored house are about to colored house with an standing in.
Answer sentence: several people are milling about outside a large off-white colored house with a terra cotta roof while someone in the distance takes their picture.

Decoded sentence: people and young boy are holding onto a garden ; a young black and black person is holding.
Answer sentence: several people are in an enclosed garden space while a young black boy and another person hold onto a wooden frame of a raised plant bed.

Decoded sentence: people looking at bicycles and a person has a blue shirt and a man near a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: several people are in a building looking at several bicycles, and the person near the front has a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: people eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: several people are eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people working on the road and watching construction crew are watching the other construction.
Answer sentence: several people are behind a fence, watching a nighttime construction crew working on a road.

Decoded sentence: people are around the steps of a building wearing white and black clothing while other.
Answer sentence: several people are around the steps of a building performing many different activities while wearing white and black clothing.

Decoded sentence: a group board showing items along with sale along the other in a with a two group of people.
Answer sentence: several menu boards are showing items for sale along with prices.

Decoded sentence: a man in a uniform with a uniform and a white hat looking by a other an out of busy street.
Answer sentence: several men, including one in a uniform with a white hat, are looking down a busy street as a pedestrian and pedaled passenger vehicle go by.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing an from an orange group costume and is barefoot for people seated at a table.
Answer sentence: several men wearing ornate cultural costumes dance barefooted for people seated at tables.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing the blue and blue hat and the mouth is in the room where all are all in.
Answer sentence: several men wearing blue smocks, hats, and mouth coverings are in an operating room, each concentrating on something.

Decoded sentence: the man of an indian man conversing while the other one is being held about and to very.
Answer sentence: several men of indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red reflective vest and face mask is working in the area under a construction.
Answer sentence: several men in red reflective vests, helmets, and face masks work in an area under construction.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hard hat is operating a giant woman his looks.
Answer sentence: several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue jumpsuit and yellow shirt is standing next to a yellow and yellow.
Answer sentence: several men in blue jumpsuits and yellow shirts stand next to yellow cylinders.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in red and red sand is being something in a building and the beach.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in white and red and building sand castles at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in cowboy hat and hat is standing around a man and a man.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in cowboy boots and hats are hanging around, and one man is getting his shoes shined.

Decoded sentence: a man is blue with a just being blue item.
Answer sentence: several men are tinkering with radio controlled items.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting by a river with a conversing and the other while they are boat.
Answer sentence: several men are sitting by a river conversing with one another while a boat drifts by them.

Decoded sentence: the members of wedding wedding party is walking past the lamp and the park bench.
Answer sentence: several members of a wedding party, including the bride, are walking past a lamp and some park benches.

Decoded sentence: a lady is gathered around a table that is engaged in a sitting project.
Answer sentence: several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project

Decoded sentence: several individuals and a group of men in a white and black are sitting and in a white.
Answer sentence: several individuals, some possibly of hispanic descent at a street market, grilling meat.

Decoded sentence: a group of white people are speaking to each other in front of water fountain.
Answer sentence: several groups of white people are speaking to each other in front of a water fountain and building.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman and a man in glasses appear to be a funny and red and glasses appears to be.
Answer sentence: several gentlemen are speaking into a microphone and the man in the glasses appears to be saying something funny.

Decoded sentence: the elderly people are posing with others.
Answer sentence: several elderly people are interacting with others.

Decoded sentence: dancers with the on black pants and colorful scarf and a colorful scarf.
Answer sentence: several dancers with tight black pants, skirts, and colorful scarves dance.

Decoded sentence: a couple sits on a hotel a hotel a hotel on of a chair and one of the chairs frame.
Answer sentence: several couples sit on hotel ballroom style conference chairs and watch something outside the frame of the picture.

Decoded sentence: a group people walking down a hall.
Answer sentence: several costumed people walking down a hall.

Decoded sentence: the climber in a row holds rocks while a man in red watches the line watches.
Answer sentence: several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line.

Decoded sentence: the child sits down with his knee knee is raising her from his face and light up.
Answer sentence: several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces.

Decoded sentence: a child sits on a carnival ride in front of his face of the as balloons and a woman.
Answer sentence: several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons.

Decoded sentence: a child riding on a merry-go-round in a is looking on.
Answer sentence: several children riding on a merry-go-round in cool weather.

Decoded sentence: a child and a little boy are sitting at a table and one is wearing a red shirt with white.
Answer sentence: several children are sitting at a table as a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white design looks towards the camera.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a bright orange clothing standing in front of a lake with a boat in it while holding.
Answer sentence: several boys in bright orange clothing standing in front of a lake with boats in it, holding up an object that is dripping.

Decoded sentence: a bottle is being.
Answer sentence: several bottles are blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: a bike rider is competing in a competition.
Answer sentence: several bike riders compete in a competition.

Decoded sentence: a bike rider attempting to cross the street as traffic holds up his bike with his bike.
Answer sentence: several bike riders are attempting to cross the street and are also holding up traffic with their bikes.

Decoded sentence: an adult child sliding down at the bottom of a tall yellow slide and waiting.
Answer sentence: several adults and children are either sliding down, or waiting at the bottom of a very tall yellow slide.

Decoded sentence: the asians are eating food outdoors.
Answer sentence: several asians eat food outdoors.

Decoded sentence: an asian people are on a train.
Answer sentence: several asian people are on a train.

Decoded sentence: a african woman is sitting in front of a hut.
Answer sentence: several african women sit in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: a african child looking toward a woman in a school while two camera look into the camera.
Answer sentence: several african children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera.

Decoded sentence: seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.
Answer sentence: seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.

Decoded sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.
Answer sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.

Decoded sentence: seven people are wading in a blue pool together.
Answer sentence: seven people are wading in a natural pool.

Decoded sentence: seven men and two of which are.
Answer sentence: seven men chipping tiles with hammers.

Decoded sentence: the is the other running down a path.
Answer sentence: seven joggers run down a path.

Decoded sentence: a woman flying in the sky over the water and is being wearing a boat past the boat.
Answer sentence: seagulls fly in the sky over the water where a boat sails past rocks.

Decoded sentence: the on the together is being pose on the man and the one dark-skinned man is very shirtless.
Answer sentence: saw blade being sharpened on revolving sharpening wheel by a dark-skinned man.

Decoded sentence: some in a costume and some are in a day 's day in the street as people watch.
Answer sentence: runners, some in costume, in a st paddy 's day marathon run in the streets as people watch.

Decoded sentence: a woman sliding on a railing.
Answer sentence: rollerblades sliding on a railing.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant workers smile as they gather around a huge and man is taking a break in the.
Answer sentence: restaurant workers smile as they take a break, gathered around a huge copper bowl in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: the woman from the firemen and the uniform 's uniform.
Answer sentence: reflections from the firemen 's uniforms.

Decoded sentence: the woman is an elderly woman in the street.
Answer sentence: reflection of an elderly woman in a street.

Decoded sentence: a red and white dog is a beach while a beach is a beach on a cloudy day walking in the.
Answer sentence: red white and blue suv patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the person view of a choir standing on a standing filled with chairs filled by some standing.
Answer sentence: rear view of a choir group standing on risers with a chair filling a space between the risers.

Decoded sentence: some being rock in a sitting raft with blue and blue standing.
Answer sentence: rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids

Decoded sentence: the is wearing a purple and purple shirt shows off a running and looking off of his black.
Answer sentence: puppeteer wearing a purple sleeveless shirt showing off a puppet that looks like a black man with shades playing a saxophone.

Decoded sentence: the is a group of people are in the background that is being young is being people that.
Answer sentence: protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: a woman with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor vendor in a mall.
Answer sentence: preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard.

Decoded sentence: someone shows a car with a lot in blue outfits are showing cars in front of a man leaning.
Answer sentence: pottery and cars are shown in a parking lot with a man in a blue outfit is leaning against the front of his car.

Decoded sentence: the player in the white and red and white uniform is standing on the soccer field.
Answer sentence: players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field.

Decoded sentence: plants is being stand in a an man box.
Answer sentence: plants are growing in a planter box.

Decoded sentence: a pit working on a race car and car.
Answer sentence: pit crew working on a race car.

Decoded sentence: a pink and pink is sleeping with a blue blanket in on her car.
Answer sentence: pink shirted woman sleeping in a car with blue and white blanket on her.

Decoded sentence: picture of a woman in the street.
Answer sentence: picture of a hotdog vendor in the street.

Decoded sentence: person with a backpack in a field.
Answer sentence: person with a backpack in a field

Decoded sentence: a person atop a stand atop a sun setting of an all white and blue ocean over the ground.
Answer sentence: person standing atop of a plateau, sun setting along the puffy white clouds over the horizon, above the blue ocean.

Decoded sentence: a person smiles inside of a playground structure.
Answer sentence: person smiles at child inside of playground structure.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.
Answer sentence: person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: a person sits at a desk in a library.
Answer sentence: person sitting at a desk in a library.

Decoded sentence: person on a bike wearing a hat with different items and different items and different items.
Answer sentence: person on a bike wearing a cone hat, with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike.

Decoded sentence: person in a blue top wearing a blue cap standing on the road with a mountain in the background.
Answer sentence: person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: person in a blue coat jumping in the water stand on the pavement with a body of water in.
Answer sentence: person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a brown sweatshirt is doing a flip with midair over a trampoline and a river.
Answer sentence: person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip in midair over a trampoline with a river and electrical lines in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a beige coat and hat sitting on the sidewalk while people walk past the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: person in a beige colored coat and hat sitting on the sidewalk while people walk past him.

Decoded sentence: a person is crossing a bridge in a dance light.
Answer sentence: person crossing a bridge in dim light.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a rock sits on the grass and talk while others in the jacket and woman sitting.
Answer sentence: period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background.

Decoded sentence: the lady is looking and an front and his is appears to be.
Answer sentence: performing some bike maintenance, the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed.

Decoded sentence: people with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for christmas trees with lights.
Answer sentence: people with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for christmas with trees, lights, and a biblical scene on a wall.

Decoded sentence: people with small children on the ground and point to see a man and a man who is seen.
Answer sentence: people with small children on a brick ground, one man points to something for a child to see.

Decoded sentence: people watch two women wearing red and black dancing at a stand.
Answer sentence: people watching two women wearing red and black dancing at a tavern.

Decoded sentence: people watching a man woman.
Answer sentence: people watching a man breakdance.

Decoded sentence: people eating and watching a tv.
Answer sentence: people watching tv while eating.

Decoded sentence: people watching a guitar play guitar.
Answer sentence: people watch a musician play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: people walking up and down the street in the looking floor with two women wearing a shirt.
Answer sentence: people walking up and down the street in the daytime with shopping bags, two women are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: people walking their market through a produce with beautiful lights and other lights.
Answer sentence: people walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights.

Decoded sentence: people walking in the.
Answer sentence: people walking in a supermarket.

Decoded sentence: people walking down the street including one of the other is who is to his other is to.
Answer sentence: people walking down the street in costumes, including one of a hospital gown that exposes the buttocks.

Decoded sentence: people walking down sidewalk next to line to a store.
Answer sentence: people walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a river near a beautiful and looking.
Answer sentence: people walking along a river near a beautiful homestead.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a busy sidewalk.
Answer sentence: people walk down the busy sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people walk down the street during a rainy day.
Answer sentence: people walk down a street during a rainy day.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a paved street that has red to hanging from a building that has red.
Answer sentence: people walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a flight of public steps.
Answer sentence: people walk down a flight of stone steps in public.

Decoded sentence: a city street at the `` the nighttime is in front of construction is a few people and people.
Answer sentence: people walk down a city street at nighttime in front of construction and a `` do not enter '' street sign.

Decoded sentence: people walking by a display of all in their stall.
Answer sentence: people walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to get on the train.
Answer sentence: people waiting to get on a train.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to their hands through their hands through an orange and orange sign with.
Answer sentence: people waiting to enter a white building through an entry way with an orange handwritten sign to the left of it.

Decoded sentence: people waiting outside a building next to a mural.
Answer sentence: people waiting outside a building next to a mural.

Decoded sentence: people waiting in line for some of their own girls.
Answer sentence: people waiting in line for their favorite beverage.

Decoded sentence: people waiting at a light on their bikes.
Answer sentence: people waiting at a light on bikes.

Decoded sentence: people taking a walk on a path in the shopping center.
Answer sentence: people taking a walk on a path in a shopping center.

Decoded sentence: people stroll outdoors at an airport.
Answer sentence: people stroll outdoors at the airport.

Decoded sentence: people stand near the water and one is in purple.
Answer sentence: people standing near water one is wearing yellow and one is in purple.

Decoded sentence: people standing in front of a building that is being held by with the `` `` `` the `` the.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of yellow building with the words `` you are here '' hanging upside down.

Decoded sentence: people standing in front of a group equipment.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of mechanical equipment.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a rug around a rope.
Answer sentence: people sitting on a rug around ropes.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.
Answer sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: people sitting around and walk together at front of a `` one of '' cafe.
Answer sentence: people sitting at and walking around out front of a sweets cafe.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a curb watching an event.
Answer sentence: people sit on the curb watching an event.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a woman and chairs outside a and a large fire in front.
Answer sentence: people sit on folding chairs outside in front a burning fire.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in a crowded stadium there is some sort of blue with one woman watching.
Answer sentence: people sit in a crowded stadium watching some sort of event- there is a woman with red-hair in the foreground and in the bottom left corner two people stare directly at the picture taker.

Decoded sentence: people shopping as a man in the background appears to be a business of fruit stand.
Answer sentence: people shopping as well as a man in the background who appears to be a business owner of the fruit stand.

Decoded sentence: people long seats in a stadium.
Answer sentence: people search for their seats in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: people running in a marathon running clothes.
Answer sentence: people running in a marathon in running clothes.

Decoded sentence: people running a race side of street with the right line making his right and the right.
Answer sentence: people running a foot race make a right turn around the corner while onlookers line the sides of the street.

Decoded sentence: people ride in a cart pulling a group.
Answer sentence: people ride in a cart being pulled by a donkey.

Decoded sentence: people racing on a playing full of full and garb 's.
Answer sentence: people racing on atv 's in full protective garb

Decoded sentence: people picking up trash in the park.
Answer sentence: people picking up trash in the park.

Decoded sentence: people talking on cellphone and each other passing each other on a busy street.
Answer sentence: people pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones.

Decoded sentence: people outside in a city field.
Answer sentence: people outside in a city field.

Decoded sentence: people on two balcony are pouring up and at the pipe and there is a girl on a dressed as.
Answer sentence: people on two balconies and a man climbing up a pipe towards the lower balcony getting liquid poured on him.

Decoded sentence: people on the beach looking up to the sky and large other large heart writing in the air.
Answer sentence: people on the beach look up to the sky to see a large heart written in the air by the contrail of a plane.

Decoded sentence: people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
Answer sentence: people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: people on a crowded beach.
Answer sentence: people on a crowded beach.

Decoded sentence: people on a playing and their dirt are traveling along a about in a field surrounded by.
Answer sentence: people on atvs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: people of different ages looking at a with a group of various colors in bright colors and.
Answer sentence: people of different ages are looking at lighted machines of various bright colors in an indoor area.

Decoded sentence: people stroll all through the shade of the other at the the the other woman and the large.
Answer sentence: people of all ages stroll carelessly through aisles and aisles of kiosks, browsing the variety of random merchandise from vendors at a large flea market.

Decoded sentence: people of all ages are being to a giant red building and taking a giant place in the asian.
Answer sentence: people of all ages flock to a giant red building, this scene is taking place in an asian country.

Decoded sentence: people their at colorful fair.
Answer sentence: people mingling at colorful fair.

Decoded sentence: people act around to look from their people are waiting for their to their train.
Answer sentence: people milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something.

Decoded sentence: people look over a rail at something in the distance.
Answer sentence: people looking over the rail at something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: people looking at fish at an.
Answer sentence: people looking at fish at an aquarium.

Decoded sentence: people looking a monument to speed their.
Answer sentence: people look upon a monument where a speed is being given.

Decoded sentence: people inside a subway and holding on a subway inside the railing while people walk away.
Answer sentence: people inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away.

Decoded sentence: people in traditional with traditional wearing traditional wearing blue with two other.
Answer sentence: people in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in southeast asia.

Decoded sentence: people in a city.
Answer sentence: people in the city.

Decoded sentence: people passing at the street side and fruit sale.
Answer sentence: people in passing at a street side sale.

Decoded sentence: people in orange vests and blue pants are setting while the other with yellow and yellow.
Answer sentence: people in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.

Decoded sentence: people in costumes are standing around in a large group.
Answer sentence: people in costumes are walking around in the street.

Decoded sentence: people in black coats are their women their other using a bridge in deep snow while walking.
Answer sentence: people in black coats walk slowly through deep snow to approach a bridge in winter.

Decoded sentence: people in an stand and one cooking something in the street while a cooking of him to help.
Answer sentence: people in texas and having a festival in the streets, one man is cooking and his son is helping him.

Decoded sentence: people holding onto a rope and are holding onto a rope window on the other floor.
Answer sentence: people holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor.

Decoded sentence: people in bathing suits are hanging out on the beach while in the rain clothing.
Answer sentence: people hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.

Decoded sentence: people hanging about in a crowded cafe.
Answer sentence: people hanging about in a crowded cafe.

Decoded sentence: people are hanging onto a safety rail on a crowded train and rail.
Answer sentence: people hang onto safety rails on a very crowded bus.

Decoded sentence: people sitting together in a group of people.
Answer sentence: people gathered together on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people gather in a artist 's studio.
Answer sentence: people gathered in an artist 's studio.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table with many red and white decorations around her tent in their.
Answer sentence: people gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent.

Decoded sentence: people enjoying drinks and festival taking a picture on their cellphones.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in yellow pants and yellow gloves are with bright other fireworks and a.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red pants wearing yellow gloves hold bright fireworks suspended on long poles.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in red are walking into an outside colored building looking like a castle.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red are walking into an ivory colored building that looks like a castle.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in all white are looking at a young is a young is looking at a young.
Answer sentence: people dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs.

Decoded sentence: people sitting together in a group of people.
Answer sentence: people cram together in the back of a truck that is heading through green rolling hills while passing a pedestrian along the way.

Decoded sentence: people attending an event in a park.
Answer sentence: people attending an event in a park.

Decoded sentence: people at a something outside under a tent.
Answer sentence: people at an affair outside under a tent.

Decoded sentence: people at a museum by a bench with two children and a person sitting down.
Answer sentence: people at a museum standing by benches with two children laying down and one person sitting.

Decoded sentence: people around a table playing some other.
Answer sentence: people around a table playing roulette.

Decoded sentence: people watching a person in a young plaza in a plaza.
Answer sentence: people are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk through a snow covered field with mountains and mountains.
Answer sentence: people are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk a marathon for a dance.
Answer sentence: people are walking the marathon for a cause.

Decoded sentence: people walk on the street and cars stand for an intersection.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the street, and cars are standing on the intersection for the red light.

Decoded sentence: people walk on the sidewalk along a parking lot in front of a home and a home.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the sidewalk along the parking lot in front of a home improvement store.

Decoded sentence: people walk in the rain with umbrellas around their boats and a woman and a woman.
Answer sentence: people are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain.

Decoded sentence: there are people walking down a sidewalk outdoors and a market.
Answer sentence: people are walking down a sidewalk where there is an outdoors market.

Decoded sentence: people are standing around a baby in a circle and a large crowd are seen seen in the background.
Answer sentence: people are walking around and a woman leans on a baby carriage while a large crowd is seen in the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk around an oriental plaza.
Answer sentence: people are walking around an oriental plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk around a yard sale in the snow.
Answer sentence: people are walking around a yard sale in the snow.

Decoded sentence: people standing on a train platform waiting for the train.
Answer sentence: people are standing on a train platform waiting for the train.

Decoded sentence: people stand near a boat in a sandy area.
Answer sentence: people are standing near boats in a sandy area.

Decoded sentence: people stand in a room with a woman having a picture of a boat on the water.
Answer sentence: people are standing in a room with a television that has a picture of a boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: people stand around one another is wearing a striped hoodie and striped hoodie is wearing.
Answer sentence: people are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie

Decoded sentence: people standing around a american flag spread that is being bag out the direction and.
Answer sentence: people are standing around an american flag that is spread out, facing the wrong direction.

Decoded sentence: people sitting outside in front of a large white building and a few people sitting on purple.
Answer sentence: people are sitting outside on grass or on purple chairs in front of a large white building.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a bench surrounded by trees with view of view with two people and a city.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a ledge and a girl has high heels on the street.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a ledge on the side of a street, the girl in the front has high heels on.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a grassy ledge and the other is walking in the background.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a grassy ledge, while others are walking in the background.

Decoded sentence: people sit down in front of a white banner.
Answer sentence: people are sitting down in front of a white banner.

Decoded sentence: people sitting and drinking wine at a table.
Answer sentence: people are sitting and drinking wine at tables.

Decoded sentence: people setting up chairs on the beach.
Answer sentence: people are setting up chairs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: people seated and standing in front of a red, and green coffee vendor down a sidewalk as.
Answer sentence: people are seated and standing in front of a green roofed coffee vendor, as a large group walk down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people run from fire.
Answer sentence: people are running from a fire.

Decoded sentence: people ride around on a bar.
Answer sentence: people are riding around on snowmobiles.

Decoded sentence: people are on a platform to get off of a red and blue and blue train platform.
Answer sentence: people are on a platform getting on and off of a red and blue train.

Decoded sentence: people are lying on a woman lounge.
Answer sentence: people are lying on lounge chairs.

Decoded sentence: people looking at construction are doing in a town street.
Answer sentence: people are looking at construction being done in a town street.

Decoded sentence: people are in a restaurant eating and eating.
Answer sentence: people are in a restaurant eating.

Decoded sentence: people holding signs and march.
Answer sentence: people are holding signs and marching.

Decoded sentence: people go up towards a man in a white shirt.
Answer sentence: people are going up towards a man in a white shirt.

Decoded sentence: people gather outside for a protest while a woman in front smiles at the camera.
Answer sentence: people are gathered outside for a protest, and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a platform of a table with a with a with a with a with a with a with a.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a platform on which stands a table of trophies with graduated boxes in front of the platform labeled 1, 2 and 3.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a business conference.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a business conference.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: people are gathered around tables in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people doing exercise routine in a their their they setting.
Answer sentence: people are doing an exercise routine in a park-like setting.

Decoded sentence: people are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building.
Answer sentence: people are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: people are at a party.
Answer sentence: people are at a party at night.

Decoded sentence: the is walking through an open area between a very chinese building or chinese.
Answer sentence: pedestrians walk through an open area between several traditional-style japanese or chinese buildings.

Decoded sentence: the woman is hanging with the street artist.
Answer sentence: pedestrians interact with street artists.

Decoded sentence: a woman is woman painting at an outdoor construction fair.
Answer sentence: passerby admiring painting at an outdoor art fair.

Decoded sentence: a party to at an with an man dancing by a table with her and all sticks on it.
Answer sentence: party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts asleep.
Answer sentence: partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: an overhead view of pedestrians walking down a pedestrians with a street and a mountain.
Answer sentence: overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts.

Decoded sentence: a dog and another coffee on a coffee table with another man sitting in the middle of a.
Answer sentence: overhead view of a living room with a man on one couch, sleeping, and a dog on another while a coffee table sits in the middle of the room.

Decoded sentence: the man in the her over is posing over a group of people in the picture surrounded by two.
Answer sentence: over a dozen people surrounding and taking pictures of two people in all covered head to toe in all silver, in an artistic pose.

Decoded sentence: the street is in the window of the dirt and is in the window and is seen with the window.
Answer sentence: outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a red jeans and a arm chasing a ski throw to outside a tree.
Answer sentence: outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a german shepherd to chase.

Decoded sentence: an asian festival and a stage with white are outside of the `` `` the `` the `` the ``.
Answer sentence: outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a cardboard cardboard outside and 's.
Answer sentence: outside a wendy 's, a man holds cardboard.

Decoded sentence: a person in the looking bus and a person with a striped and striped shirt, in front of.
Answer sentence: outdoors in the daytime, a person with a ponytail in silhouette walking left in front of a bus yard, with several buses parked.

Decoded sentence: the child looks as a boy in a light yellow coat is being has on a brown and yellow tube.
Answer sentence: other children look on as a boy in a yellow coat holds a red pot by the handle, tilting it towards a light orange tube.

Decoded sentence: an oriental man dressed in a tank top and shorts is jumping his left feet with the left.
Answer sentence: oriental man dressed in tank top and shorts is jumping and almost touching his left foot with left hand.

Decoded sentence: an orange construction truck is traveling down a and an with a snow in the middle of a.
Answer sentence: orange construction trucks travel down a littered four-lane street in the middles of a concrete, urban downtown.

Decoded sentence: an orange woman driving by the shore.
Answer sentence: orange suv drive by the shore.

Decoded sentence: an open place to a room with black and other individuals filled into camera as a few individuals.
Answer sentence: open, scatteredly placed umbrellas, fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera.

Decoded sentence: the woman and a little boy in red shirts are leaning out.
Answer sentence: only the letters `` and '' are clearly visible as the little boy in the red shirt leans out the window below.

Decoded sentence: onlookers behind a fence watch and are two behind a brown bull and has fallen around the.
Answer sentence: onlookers behind a fence watch and someone rushes to help as a white and brown speckled bull thrashes around and the rider falls to the ground.

Decoded sentence: young man with short orange hair and a woman sitting down.
Answer sentence: one young man with short orange hair is fiddling his thumbs and sitting down looking very bored.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a white hat and blue dress is standing next to each other in a blue and a.
Answer sentence: one young girl in a white hat and a blue dress, and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other, the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: the wrestlers walk away from the man to be being held up on the floor.
Answer sentence: one wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on.

Decoded sentence: woman with red-hair and sunglasses serving beer from her.
Answer sentence: one woman with red-hair and sunglasses serving a beer from the tap.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on an stage of rocks and a third woman is a third while a third is looking.
Answer sentence: one woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting under a is working on a loom and is being held beside an orange item.
Answer sentence: one woman is sitting under a loom, another woman is stooping beside it, and is working on the unfinished item.

Decoded sentence: woman holding something up to mouth his finger on the side of his face has a woman on her.
Answer sentence: one woman is holding something up to her mouth while the other woman has her fingers on the side of her face.

Decoded sentence: a toddler takes away a piece of others and a boy and a crying him.
Answer sentence: one toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry.

Decoded sentence: a small child climbs a tree near a body of water and another child walks away.
Answer sentence: one small child is climbing a tree near a body of water while another child walks away.

Decoded sentence: a skier on a snowy hill is walking towards a small hill with her ski poles and go to go.
Answer sentence: one skier on a snowy hill is walking towards a small shack with his arms and ski poles extended as he goes.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless man and a woman are taking pictures of a few people in a road.
Answer sentence: one shirtless man is taking pictures of the other people in the road, one of which is skateboarding, while a woman watches from across the road.

Decoded sentence: the person smiles the person wearing a blue shirt and is holding it and the other is seen.
Answer sentence: one person, smiling broadly, holds another person wearing a blue shirt ; both are soaking wet, and it is nighttime.

Decoded sentence: a person is being pulled on his others.
Answer sentence: one person snowboarding while others look on.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping on a sidewalk while a person wearing black pants and green shirt sleeping.
Answer sentence: one person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a person is standing beside a tree with the sun who is some of leaves and leaves.
Answer sentence: one person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves.

Decoded sentence: a person shows a.
Answer sentence: one person is showing her condolence of the one died.

Decoded sentence: a person helping a person up to the top of the mound of sand underneath the cloudy sky.
Answer sentence: one person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky.

Decoded sentence: a person doing a flip in the middle of a field where friends are taking pictures.
Answer sentence: one person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.

Decoded sentence: an old homeless guy walks by the park.
Answer sentence: one old homeless guy walks by the park.

Decoded sentence: two women, one of which is getting their ring on their fingers with their fingers.
Answer sentence: one of the women is married with a ring on her ring finger.

Decoded sentence: two of one of which are having a wire or of the others are looking very talking.
Answer sentence: one of the visible wires is thicker then the other.

Decoded sentence: two tennis players and one of the tennis racket are picking out of their racket.
Answer sentence: one of the tennis players is picking something out of his racket.

Decoded sentence: two men and one of which is playing in front of a black kiss.
Answer sentence: one of the members of kiss playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background.

Decoded sentence: two bus and others are standing together to fence and others are standing.
Answer sentence: one of the buses is marked `` linea express '' while the other is marked `` metropolitan transit system ''.

Decoded sentence: some women are being jumping down by the group of the young and has his american look on.
Answer sentence: one nun being patted down by a tsa agent in front of an american flag, while a civilian looks on.

Decoded sentence: a man is laughing on the position and wearing a formal man and a man.
Answer sentence: one men is laughing while being kissed on the cheek by another man, both men are wearing formal wear

Decoded sentence: the woman sits on the roof of a school with an open bus and the other is standing while.
Answer sentence: one mechanic is sitting on the roof of a school bus with an open door, while the other is standing inside the bus.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a hooded sweatshirt and watching people sitting at a fountain watching.
Answer sentence: one man, wearing a hooded sweatshirt, sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing an orange sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a skateboarding and airborne.
Answer sentence: one man, airborne, wearing an orange sweatshirt and blue jeans, does a skateboarding trick.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing an all green t-shirt and green t-shirt is reaching her feet out of the line.
Answer sentence: one man wearing camouflage pants and green t-shirt stands with one foot on a square while another man wearing the same type of clothing reaches out with a baseball glove on his left hand.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black t-shirt is helping a man is wearing a blue shirt and tied.
Answer sentence: one man wearing a black t-shirt is helping another man, who is wearing a blue shirt, tie his necktie.

Decoded sentence: a man is setting up a pool during a tournament while onlookers watch.
Answer sentence: one man sets up his pool shot during a tournament while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a man smoking a cigarette while a man is meet.
Answer sentence: one man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze.

Decoded sentence: a man and others are sleeping while others jump on the white bed and look on the be on.
Answer sentence: one man is sleeping, the other is jumping on his bed, both are wearing white and look to be on indian descent.

Decoded sentence: a man sits inside a top of a school bus and a man wearing a matching shirt.
Answer sentence: one man is sitting on top of a school bus, while another man, wearing a matching shirt, is standing inside.

Decoded sentence: a man playing the guitar while another is playing the keyboard and the other is playing.
Answer sentence: one man is playing a guitar, another is playing the keyboard and the last is playing a trumpet.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a close open door while a man is putting a trash bag.
Answer sentence: one man is holding a dumpster door open while another man puts a trash bag in the dumpster.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man in black shorts and black pants and red shirts with white shirts and red.
Answer sentence: one man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts, golfing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white robe with a microphone and a crowd is reading off a his child to a crowd.
Answer sentence: one man in a white robe with a microphone is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: a man in a uniform standing inside a school bus with `` open open school '' with the on.
Answer sentence: one man in a uniform standing inside a school bus with the backdoor open, while another man sits on top of the boss wearing a similar uniform.

Decoded sentence: a man in a room doing a handstand during a handstand.
Answer sentence: one man in a room during the day doing a handstand.

Decoded sentence: a man in a brown coat is an trying to fall and his cart with two fruits on the pavement.
Answer sentence: one man in a brown coat steadying a cart with two boxes of fruit while trying to retrieve a pear that fell on the bumpy pavement made of brick.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and a man in a brown shirt is operating a three men and a stroll.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and jeans is catching a frisbee on a college is a college.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt and jeans, catches a frisbee on a college campus

Decoded sentence: a man and a man woman holding a post while another woman is waiting to look to cross the.
Answer sentence: one man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left.

Decoded sentence: a man checking his bicycle out in a shop while another sits nearby.
Answer sentence: one man checks out a bicycle in a shop while another sits nearby.

Decoded sentence: a group of yellow and yellow ski pants with no ski pants and high pants.
Answer sentence: one lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting in a his is a construction area during a construction area during.
Answer sentence: one little boy sitting in a forklift in a construction area during something very dangerous.

Decoded sentence: a lady looks into a space.
Answer sentence: one lady looking into space.

Decoded sentence: a lady cutting his cake to the others holding up plates in front of her.
Answer sentence: one lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her.

Decoded sentence: two buildings and a man in a blue shirt sitting outside a building.
Answer sentence: one in a blue shirt using his cellphone, and one man looking away, sitting outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a horse has his shoes around around his leg.
Answer sentence: one horse has wraps around its legs.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a white hoodie and a red t-shirt is holding his left feet at his skateboard.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a white hoodie and red t-shirt holding his left foot practicing a skateboard move at night

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a green one green while the other in a skirt smiles at the camera as a guy.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a green wig thinks hes cool while another guy looks in horror at a bottle that apparently landed on the green wig guy in a game, all while a girl in a skirt is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is painting a picture as tourists painted in.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is painting a picture, as tourists in the background walk.

Decoded sentence: a guy surfing a wave in the ocean.
Answer sentence: one guy surfing the waves in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a red with a red on a red and a looking skateboard.
Answer sentence: one guy in a red beanie and green t-shirt sitting on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a girl jumping over three others hanging over the side of the pool with the ocean in the.
Answer sentence: one girl jumping over three others hanging on the side of a pool with ocean in background.

Decoded sentence: a girl standing down the back of a next to her is looking out the water towards the girl.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water.

Decoded sentence: a girl stands on the street while others look at something on the ground.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing on the street, and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a girl and a girl on an outdoor handstand are doing a handstand.
Answer sentence: one girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman in a hat and a woman in a white shirt, off a hot child with a black shirt and.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a hat and off white shirt is chatting with another gentleman in a black shirt while they are sipping hot drinks.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman in a blue jacket and khaki shorts playing the riding on a course with a who.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a blue jacket and khaki shorts playing mini golf on a course with a penguin obstacle.

Decoded sentence: a child with flowers painted on his head and wearing a red and red with a woman.
Answer sentence: one child with a flower painted on her head, is wearing a red glittery outfit with a shawl and gloves, while her companion with a hat looks on.

Decoded sentence: the child is wearing a pink striped hat and the other wearing a white hat.
Answer sentence: one child is wearing a pink striped hat, while the other is wearing a white hat.

Decoded sentence: a car is pulling out in front of a bus.
Answer sentence: one car is pulling out in front of a bus.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a shirt is red doing the other boy while other boys are.
Answer sentence: one boy tucks his shirt in but the others do not.

Decoded sentence: a boy stands pointing at a boy who is a being her hand on the floor.
Answer sentence: one boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a green striped shirt and a boy in a bicycle with a training wheel and a boy and.
Answer sentence: one boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels.

Decoded sentence: a boy is wearing his to people on the back.
Answer sentence: one boy hoists another boy up on his back.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl in a walk with their hands raised in the air with their hands raised in.
Answer sentence: one boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow.

Decoded sentence: a black female and three men all wearing all white and black with black in front of concrete.
Answer sentence: one black female and one white female plus three white males, all wearing forms of black, in front of a concrete stair structure with other people sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a toy yellow dog.
Answer sentence: one black dog with a toy and one yellow dog.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog and two white dogs are playing with plastic bags.
Answer sentence: one black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a woman has his women sticking up her on her back and sticking up her woman.
Answer sentence: one bear has fur that sticks up on its back resembling a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: the basketball player wearing a white jersey is passing a basketball by passing a basketball.
Answer sentence: one basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him.

Decoded sentence: an asian man in glasses makes a sign and others make their heart and heart.
Answer sentence: one asian man in glasses is making the peace sign while the other is making a heart with his arms.

Decoded sentence: there is a african american man looking through a microscope and there is a poster hanging.
Answer sentence: one african american man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall.

Decoded sentence: grass is being other onto a hard and shoulder of the road near the road near a curb.
Answer sentence: on the shoulder of the road, near the curb, grass has grown onto the roadway.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman wearing a white jacket reaching on the left side of a woman who is holding.
Answer sentence: on the left side of a woman that 's holding a blue innertube, there 's a woman wearing a white jacket who is reaching the trashcan.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is red object on a garden lawn.
Answer sentence: on garden lawn, black dog is retriving an object.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps towards a hoop with a ball and a player looking on.
Answer sentence: on an outdoor basketball court, a man jumps towards the hoop with the ball while several other players look on.

Decoded sentence: a sunny day day on the crowd of the railroad on the platform and the crowd.
Answer sentence: on a sunny day, a small crowd wait for the railroad on the platform.

Decoded sentence: a man pulling a.
Answer sentence: on a street in korea a man is pulling a two-wheeled cart, piled high with a chair and cardboard and other things while behind him are a car and a truck and a street level billboard.

Decoded sentence: a man and a tall man in a black shirt with black pants, to the back walk past a police.
Answer sentence: on a sidewalk, tall man in a black shirt and a police officer with their backs to the viewer walk past a man in a white t-shirt, black shorts, and sandals.

Decoded sentence: a man in a.
Answer sentence: on a patio preparing for a grill-out, the man in the welding mask stirs curiosity from the little girl.

Decoded sentence: a is on a narrow street lined with houses and men talk and talk on their cellphones.
Answer sentence: on a narrow street lined with houses, some with red awnings, a man talks on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two men and one man with a third man sitting alone in an lit on a lit stage with a stage.
Answer sentence: on a dimly lit stage, two men, one with a boom mike, another with a camera, face a third man sitting alone in the audience.

Decoded sentence: a group of people are gathered around a glass table on the deck.
Answer sentence: on a deck, a group of people gather around a glass table.

Decoded sentence: a man in black clothing and black clothing is walking toward the river bus on a river day.
Answer sentence: on a cloudy day, a man in black clothing and a black hat walks toward a river valley metro bus.

Decoded sentence: a yellow car and an older woman wearing a bicycle are in the background with shopping bags.
Answer sentence: older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle, yellow car is in the background.

Decoded sentence: an older man sitting in a chair reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: older men are sitting in chairs, reading newspapers.

Decoded sentence: an older bald gentleman in white while preparing to cut her her and hair cutting to his.
Answer sentence: older balding gentleman in a white smock prepares to cut the hair of another older balding gentleman in front of a case holding several hair supplies.

Decoded sentence: an older indian woman smoking a pipe while smoking a.
Answer sentence: older indian woman uses a loom while smoking a pipe.

Decoded sentence: a old woman setting next to a building with her head over his head and a cane walking on.
Answer sentence: old woman setting next to a building with her head bent over and a walking cane on her lap.

Decoded sentence: an old man teaching a little kid to driving.
Answer sentence: old man teaching little kid to drive.

Decoded sentence: an old guy playing a guitar while looking like a on stage and others stand behind him.
Answer sentence: old guy, looking like jerry garcia, playing guitar on stage while others stand behind him.

Decoded sentence: a their their their something football running after the an from a for a game.
Answer sentence: oklahoma football player running after a wisconsin player during a game.

Decoded sentence: an top woman walks by a department store with a red woman in a red evening display of windows.
Answer sentence: o woman walks hurriedly past a department store with a red evening gown in the display window.

Decoded sentence: three people with a young toddler and a young infant on a all red and open through an open.
Answer sentence: numerous families with their young, toddler and infant children, on a hayride through an open area with surrounding trees.

Decoded sentence: 3 number 3 at a soccer game looking to see the ball is into the the sun from the of the.
Answer sentence: number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline.

Decoded sentence: the number is reaching out as he he is in his direction of his wearing a full of jumping.
Answer sentence: number 13 reaches out as he turns directions in an effort to deflect the anticipated path of the football during the game.

Decoded sentence: six people dressed like a woman and makeup on four musical instruments playing musical.
Answer sentence: nine people are dressed like mimes, with white makeup on their faces, four are playing musical instruments.

Decoded sentence: a outside scene with a just dancing by playing music.
Answer sentence: nightclub scene with disc jockey playing music to dance by.

Decoded sentence: a man next to a man in an orange uniform and a man in a gray sweatshirt are looking down.
Answer sentence: next to two men in orange uniforms, a man in a gray sweatshirt places his arms over a wall and looks down.

Decoded sentence: the all is walking across the train track is stretching over dirt and dirt beside a row.
Answer sentence: negros walk across a train track that stretches over dirt and garbage beside a row of poor shacks.

Decoded sentence: a city road near a gray and a man in a gray sweater for plastic bags into a large plastic.
Answer sentence: near a city road, a man in a gray sweater disposes of a plastic bag of garbage into a large, green, garbage container.

Decoded sentence: a native dressed up in native clothing participating in a other looking up.
Answer sentence: native americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together.

Decoded sentence: the an outdoor officer watches the people on the boardwalk near the beach.
Answer sentence: nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach.

Decoded sentence: the is on the playing for a group of people with blue hats on an outdoor setting.
Answer sentence: musicians playing for a group of people with blue hats on in outdoor settings.

Decoded sentence: a woman dressed in a red and white and white sports khaki pants while performing at a sports.
Answer sentence: musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena.

Decoded sentence: the musicians in cowboy hats are playing an electric guitar and singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: musician in cowboy hat playing an electric guitar and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at school.
Answer sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at a school.

Decoded sentence: multiple people walking all on the pavement with a fence in the background and the other.
Answer sentence: multiple people walking on the pavement with a fence in the background all under the sky with clouds.

Decoded sentence: multiple people around a woman fair with an all is a riding and on a an food machine.
Answer sentence: multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called grandmas prediction.

Decoded sentence: the group is a doing what appears to be some of are being watched.
Answer sentence: multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.

Decoded sentence: the mountain with trees is high high the in the background.
Answer sentence: mountains with trees loom high in the background.

Decoded sentence: the mountain climber is setting up the tent.
Answer sentence: mountain climbers are setting up their tents.

Decoded sentence: the mother with two children are hanging laundry.
Answer sentence: mother with two children is hanging laundry.

Decoded sentence: a woman playing tug-of-war.
Answer sentence: mimes are playing tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a military woman is a military area.
Answer sentence: military personnel patrol an area.

Decoded sentence: a middle-aged woman in a sweater and white apron is using a girl and a girl with a have.
Answer sentence: middle-aged woman in a sweater and white apron is using a spinning wheel with a second spinning wheel in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: a middle-aged female wearing a white and white jacket is smoking his hands inside the man.
Answer sentence: middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man 's pants pocket.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting in a row of his table listening to a table in front of a room listening.
Answer sentence: middle-age students sitting in rows of tables listening to a teacher sitting in front of room behind desk.

Decoded sentence: metal all is making a all black and the other along the wall of a station.
Answer sentence: metal supports make a repeating x shape along the walls of the station.

Decoded sentence: a man and a child dance at a party.
Answer sentence: men, women and children dance at a party.

Decoded sentence: a man is surrounded by nature riding bikes and bikes.
Answer sentence: men, surrounded by nature, are riding mountain bikes.

Decoded sentence: a man with a reflective safety jacket on is working on the street an orange street with.
Answer sentence: men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones.

Decoded sentence: a man with a crown of leaves on his head stands in the rain.
Answer sentence: men with crowns of leaves on their heads are standing in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man in an orange vest and yellow hat working a hat on a shirt and a white hat in a white.
Answer sentence: men who work construction in orange vests and yellow hats besides one man on the right in a white tee-shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red jacket and black pants and black pants is standing in formation.
Answer sentence: men wearing red, jackets black hats, and black pants standing in formation.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing hard hat and safety vest is working.
Answer sentence: men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a scaffolding is working.
Answer sentence: men standing on scaffolding are working.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a ladder to his window repairing a building.
Answer sentence: men standing on ladders repairing the windows of a building.

Decoded sentence: a man standing while talking on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: men standing around talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: a man stand by the road doing a very construction on a small about in a small area.
Answer sentence: men stand by the road, where construction is being done on the corner in a small suburban area.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing shorts and the other snow.
Answer sentence: men shovel snow while wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: a man playing volleyball in the sand.
Answer sentence: men playing volleyball in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a man playing soccer in a field.
Answer sentence: men playing soccer in a field

Decoded sentence: a man playing during a concert wearing play his his his his his his his his his backpack.
Answer sentence: men playing during a concert wearing feather boas.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a sport during a sunny day.
Answer sentence: men playing a sport during a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in a business suit is crossing the street while crossing the street.
Answer sentence: men in the business suits are crossing the street, and there are people with placards are gathering on the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in an orange vest and hard hat.
Answer sentence: men in orange vests and hard hats.

Decoded sentence: a man in orange does beside beside a subway doing something.
Answer sentence: men in orange doing clean up beside of a subway.

Decoded sentence: a man and sitting in the edge of the water standing near the edge of a swimming or man.
Answer sentence: men in bathing suits standing and sitting near the edge of the water while one man is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a man in a american and hat and hat is standing with american flags and back to the camera.
Answer sentence: men in american revolutionary hats and costumes stand with american flags, backs to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a fishing net on the beach.
Answer sentence: men holding a fishing net on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed up for some sort of a event with a huge and face on her face.
Answer sentence: men dressed up for some sort of event with huge smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a with a all shoulder and has 3 red and creating a human tower while.
Answer sentence: men dressed in red and white are standing on one another 's shoulders, creating a 3 story human tower.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a three who is a wearing a three three three women and a woman riding.
Answer sentence: men dressed in either theatrical or historical attire riding horses.

Decoded sentence: a man building a sand castle in shallow water.
Answer sentence: men building a sand castle in shallow water.

Decoded sentence: a man building a sitting out of a dark sand while building the shore.
Answer sentence: men build castle-like sculptures out of dark sand by the shore.

Decoded sentence: a man is watching something outside of a building while a man watches on her.
Answer sentence: men are working on scaffolding outside of a building while other men watch.

Decoded sentence: a man stands next to a up of his goods near a boat.
Answer sentence: men are standing next to a pallet of goods near a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: men and women walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting and woman in various stands as a group of people stand in the background.
Answer sentence: men and women of various ages sit playing instruments in an orchestra while a similar group stand in the background as a choir.

Decoded sentence: a man in a group and woman playing the on as a other runners are approaching at the street.
Answer sentence: men and women in scottish garb play the bagpipes as a runner approaches on the street.

Decoded sentence: members of a being blue band look at other music.
Answer sentence: members of a brass band look at their sheet music.

Decoded sentence: a martial arts stand with two students in the background and a group sits on the floor.
Answer sentence: martial arts students sit on the floor or stand in the background while watching a matchup between two people.

Decoded sentence: a martial arts and is practicing their market outside buildings.
Answer sentence: martial arts students practice outside building.

Decoded sentence: a marathon runners being blue on the playing `` has his jumps past the finish line.
Answer sentence: marathon runners sprinting past a walgreen 's on their journey to the finish line.

Decoded sentence: many young people on the street or celebrating a concert and a for a.
Answer sentence: many young people on a street, celebrating some concert or event and waving adeleide club flags.

Decoded sentence: many young people look and looking a computer items.
Answer sentence: many young people looking a computer items.

Decoded sentence: many kayak kayak filled river by trees.
Answer sentence: many two-person kayaks fill a river surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: many pigeons crowd around their feet of a woman in blue and blue jeans.
Answer sentence: many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: many people including a couple in a wedding dresses and standing around a building or walking.
Answer sentence: many people, including a couple in a wedding dress and suit, are walking or standing around a building with lots of stairs.

Decoded sentence: many people sitting in a blue chair wearing headphones looking at a computer.
Answer sentence: many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers.

Decoded sentence: many people wearing blue jackets are marching down the street.
Answer sentence: many people wearing blue jackets are marching down a street.

Decoded sentence: many people look on and walking on the pavement near a brick building with people.
Answer sentence: many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on.

Decoded sentence: many people are sitting at a long dinner table at a formal event.
Answer sentence: many people sit at a long dinner table at a formal event.

Decoded sentence: many people riding their bikes on a path while one person walks toward them.
Answer sentence: many people riding bikes on a path while another person is walking toward them.

Decoded sentence: many people on the street and a vendor selling items.
Answer sentence: many people on a street while vendors sell items.

Decoded sentence: many people are leading a giant walk down the street and leading a group of being.
Answer sentence: many people leading a giant blow-up figure of oscar the grouch down a street.

Decoded sentence: many people are gathered to protesting their to.
Answer sentence: many people have gathered to protest the government.

Decoded sentence: many people crowd on some sort of transportation transportation.
Answer sentence: many people crowded on some sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy in the foreground.
Answer sentence: many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: many people walk along the sidewalk in an asian marketplace.
Answer sentence: many people are walking along the sidewalk in an asian marketplace.

Decoded sentence: many people and a ski snowboard are waiting in a snowy hill on a snowy hill.
Answer sentence: many people are waiting in line on a snowy hill, and some skis and snowboards lay abandoned.

Decoded sentence: many people sitting outside and a group of girls dressed in green are reading the camera.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting outside the leaning tower of piza, one girl dressed in green is facing the camera and eating a sandwich.

Decoded sentence: many people are sitting on the edge of a rocky beach while the other is a rocky water watching.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting on the edge of a rocky beach, watching others swim in the glistening water.

Decoded sentence: many people are sitting in a street side and a street side in a red and red and red and.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting in a street side cafe at red clothed tables in front of a tall old building with arches and statues.

Decoded sentence: many people are outside holding a protest sign and a few are all and working signs.
Answer sentence: many people are outside walking while holding protest signs, the most prominent sign reading `` save our schools. ''

Decoded sentence: many people are on a party.
Answer sentence: many people are on a party.

Decoded sentence: many people are on a crowded brick path walking downhill towards a pine mountain smoking.
Answer sentence: many people are on a crowded brick path walking downhill towards a distant smoking mountain.

Decoded sentence: many people are gathered under a tent getting food.
Answer sentence: many people are gathered under a tent, getting food.

Decoded sentence: many people crowd around a lady who is laying down and down a two bike looking to the two.
Answer sentence: many people are crowding around a lady in a red shirt who is laying down hurt next to two bikes.

Decoded sentence: many of which are having a woman and a woman.
Answer sentence: many of the dishes contain rice.

Decoded sentence: many men on the back of a woman going down a truck up the road.
Answer sentence: many men on the back of a pick up truck going down a road.

Decoded sentence: many members of sports a sports of some in white stripes and are about to walk on a green.
Answer sentence: many member of a sports league, some in white and some in red stripes, walk about on a green grassy field.

Decoded sentence: many children playing outside in the grass practicing a practicing.
Answer sentence: many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.

Decoded sentence: many children jump off of the rock below of the water below and short water.
Answer sentence: many children jump off of a rock into a body of water a short drop below.

Decoded sentence: many army men in a line holding guns and a gun in a green suit walking down a concrete.
Answer sentence: many army men in a line holding guns in green suits walking down a concrete road with a big building in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man work at a microphone with a group of people of the other lead under the lead of the.
Answer sentence: man works at microphone with a group of informally attired musicians under the lead of a conductor.

Decoded sentence: a man working on an old truck while other children watch.
Answer sentence: man working on old truck while child watches.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman on the water of the sand with the sand that is of the sand to open up.
Answer sentence: man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white and blue flag and blue is waving it is waving in the wind while the.
Answer sentence: man with red, white and blue flag with one star holds it waving in the wind in the middle of a street while a crowd is seen in the background and water is sprayed.

Decoded sentence: a man with red shoes and a white shirt with a white shirt and gray pants.
Answer sentence: man with red shoes, white shirt and gray pants climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man with an old movie equipment and gold camera and gold and gold other in a blue coat.
Answer sentence: man with old movie camera and equipment, all in gold, being approached by a young child in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: a man with a hat on a jacket, wearing a orange suit with his hand on his man with a large.
Answer sentence: man with his hat on backwards wearing an orange suit with his hand on a spindle with large rope.

Decoded sentence: a man with gray hair while a man to a woman of a younger people on a younger bench.
Answer sentence: man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white hat and white shirt playing an instrument on stage next to a sign that.
Answer sentence: man with a white hat and white shirt playing many instruments on stage next to a sign that says appeared on jimmy kimmel.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue shirt sitting in a computer with a water while a man in front of his.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt on sitting in a computer room with at least 13 monitors in front of him with several keyboards and phones with one microphone directly in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a large mask and a large pipe.
Answer sentence: man welding large pipe section while wearing mask.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a white shirt is doing a an has a walk.
Answer sentence: man wearing white shirt does a yo-yo demonstration.

Decoded sentence: a black and black woman is taking a nap in a green park.
Answer sentence: man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing helmets and two small children with helmets and riding their helmets on.
Answer sentence: man wearing a helmet is taking two small children with no helmets for a ride on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray jacket is petting a black dog wearing a black collar and sitting on.
Answer sentence: man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a outside gray tank top and a rope a `` a woman plays the microphone into.
Answer sentence: man wearing a cotton gray tank top, straw hat and rope necklace singing into a microphone and playing a bass.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black on a black hat is in a electric guitar with his left and blue left.
Answer sentence: man wearing a black fedora hat, blue shirt, strumming an electric guitar with rhythm slider on his left pinkie finger.

Decoded sentence: a man watches a child in a hallway.
Answer sentence: man watching child in hallway.

Decoded sentence: a man is walking a giant dog while a small dog looks.
Answer sentence: man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops.

Decoded sentence: a man using a stunt to make a.
Answer sentence: man using a loom to make something.

Decoded sentence: a man trying to get something into a box and train.
Answer sentence: man trying to fix a train by leaning into the equipment box.

Decoded sentence: a man is taking a photograph of a well dressed as a group of teens.
Answer sentence: man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens.

Decoded sentence: a man is sweeping the street outside.
Answer sentence: man sweeping the street outside.

Decoded sentence: a man stands outside a storefront.
Answer sentence: man stands outside a storefront.

Decoded sentence: a man standing while holding a paper in the city.
Answer sentence: man stands holding a paper in a city.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a rock and blue ledge over a body of water and meet at the horizon.
Answer sentence: man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon.

Decoded sentence: a light man standing down from above a taxi with a taxi on his light with a light on his.
Answer sentence: man standing in the foreground with taxi behind with lights on and buildings in the background and light filtering down from above.

Decoded sentence: a man standing in a bedroom with a little boy jumping into a bed.
Answer sentence: man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed.

Decoded sentence: a man standing and an point toward a sign that has a full of brown and brown and brown.
Answer sentence: man standing and pointing toward a sign that has morton rachofsky realtors ' information on it.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on his out a while playing his guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: man sitting on milk crate plays guitar on sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting by a blue door.
Answer sentence: man sitting by blue doors.

Decoded sentence: a man is setting up a tent outside with her all waiting up.
Answer sentence: man setting up a tent outside with onlooking girlfriend waiting.

Decoded sentence: a man is an hand and a large block of concrete.
Answer sentence: man secures a large block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: a man performs a stunt on a lady performing a stunt while a lady with his stands looks.
Answer sentence: man performing stunt, lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer.

Decoded sentence: a man paddling a boat on the river near the bank.
Answer sentence: man paddling a boat on a river near the bank.

Decoded sentence: a man on the beach throwing a red ball.
Answer sentence: man on the beach is throwing a red ball.

Decoded sentence: a man on stage playing guitar.
Answer sentence: man on stage playing his guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man on a ski looking at a artwork of the snow and sale in the snow.
Answer sentence: man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike using a box on a stick and another.
Answer sentence: man on bike using boxing glove on a stick.

Decoded sentence: a man on an all an all air is being held by on an all floor.
Answer sentence: man on an atv catching air !

Decoded sentence: a man looks through a light glass at a light and glass slide.
Answer sentence: man looks through light microscope at a glass slide.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps off a rock.
Answer sentence: man jumping off rocks.

Decoded sentence: a man jumping off a rock into the water.
Answer sentence: man jumping off a rock into water.

Decoded sentence: a man holds on white sand while standing on white sand.
Answer sentence: man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow t-shirt and black denim shorts and black sneakers is juggling.
Answer sentence: man in yellow t-shirt, black denim shorts, black socks and white sneakers, juggling knives in a city park.

Decoded sentence: a man in yellow behind his wheels and the other man in yellow are climbing to a trailer.
Answer sentence: man in yellow behind the wheel of a tractor, hooked to a trailer and under an open sided roof, while others climb on the back.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt and blue apron is attending a denim and blue apron is being large.
Answer sentence: man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt in a frisbee that has a black and white dog who has a white frisbee.
Answer sentence: man in white shirt tossing frisbee for black and white dog who has a white frisbee in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: a man in red shorts and a white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red costume with a woman and a knife on a and sword with a knife on his performing.
Answer sentence: man in red costume, with a fur hat, a sword and a knife on his belt holding an ax, with blurred people in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man in a jacket reading on a bench.
Answer sentence: man in jacket reading on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man in a group of people to her.
Answer sentence: man in his boxers carving a pumpkin.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hiking gear tied his shoes.
Answer sentence: man in hiking gear tying his shoe.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hat driving the an bathing cart.
Answer sentence: man in hat driving a steering a mule and cart.

Decoded sentence: a man in a dark business suit and three are sitting on a water fountain while the other.
Answer sentence: man in dark business suit, sitting by a marble water fountain, wearing eyeglasses and talking on his cellphone with newspaper on his lap.

Decoded sentence: a man in a business suit is holding sunglasses and wearing sunglasses and sunglasses.
Answer sentence: man in business suit and holding cellphone, wearing sunglasses, surrounded by parked automobiles.

Decoded sentence: the man in the business attire are speaking into the microphone.
Answer sentence: man in business attire speaks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a man in a brown suit is standing with his hand behind his back and the shadow on the back.
Answer sentence: man in brown suit stands with his hands behind his back and his shadow is cast on the flow as taken from above.

Decoded sentence: a man in a bright yellow vest and safety other riding an safety display on the street.
Answer sentence: man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street.

Decoded sentence: the man in the boat is wearing athletic cap and baseball cap to the fishing while the man.
Answer sentence: man in boat wearing athletic shorts, a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue sweater other people in a group of people.
Answer sentence: man in blue sweater measuring curved board.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and black pants holding glasses and looking at the thumbs on his.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue jacket and khaki pants is walking near a man holding a blue umbrella.
Answer sentence: man in blue jacket and khaki pants is walking near a man holding a blue and white umbrella.

Decoded sentence: a black man with a beard and a large jacket sits atop a horse.
Answer sentence: man in black with a feathered hat sits atop a horse.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and a woman in a white shirt and gray skirt.
Answer sentence: man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt, gray skirt.

Decoded sentence: a man in black is preparing to blowing out a rack and a woman celebrating on.
Answer sentence: man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.

Decoded sentence: a man in black pants and a white shirt playing a while a lady in a pink dance.
Answer sentence: man in black pants, white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances

Decoded sentence: a man in black pants and vest poses to between two boys holding two other men in their.
Answer sentence: man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars, holding two flaming torches in his right hand.

Decoded sentence: a man in black on a microphone in a band.
Answer sentence: man in black on microphone, in band.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black jacket and holding a newspaper.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket holding newspaper.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black jacket and baseball cap juggling on the street.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket and baseball cap juggling on a street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black and tennis hat and hat on a tennis fence in a tennis court.
Answer sentence: man in black hat teaching another man tennis on a fenced in tennis court.

Decoded sentence: a man in an orange shirt with a tattoo walking two large looking together.
Answer sentence: man in an orange shirt with tattoos walking two large poodles.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and a girl and an older woman are trying to rock climbing.
Answer sentence: man in a red shirt and olive colored cargo shorts trying to rock climb.

Decoded sentence: a man in a long-sleeved black shirt appears to be engaged in a dance in front of a blue.
Answer sentence: man in a long-sleeved black shirt, appears to be engaged in dance, in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations.

Decoded sentence: a man in a bench watching a man sleeping.
Answer sentence: man in a bench watching another man sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a water pipe.
Answer sentence: man holding a water pipe.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a sword and a violin and his wearing a violin and wearing his bow across.
Answer sentence: man holding a sword like a violin and stroking a violin bow across it.

Decoded sentence: food and a man standing and standing behind him.
Answer sentence: man grilling hotdogs, buns, peppers and other foods while another man stands behind him posing.

Decoded sentence: a man giving her leg up to a female as a tree.
Answer sentence: man giving female a leg up onto tree.

Decoded sentence: someone is watching the other people while many other people watch.
Answer sentence: man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.

Decoded sentence: a man driving a man next to a covered with some containers.
Answer sentence: man drives car next to shipping containers.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a volleyball while pointing at a volleyball.
Answer sentence: man dressed in drag pointing at his open mouth.

Decoded sentence: a man and a painting a picture in a picture of a scarf on the street.
Answer sentence: man dressed in coat, scarf, and hat painting a picture of a building on an easel in the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man are dressed out to the side as they are all wearing a baseball hat and.
Answer sentence: man dressed all in black wearing work boots and baseball hat, jumps, spreading legs straight out to either side, touching them with his hands, in front of a valley view.

Decoded sentence: a man is kissing an industrial together at a fair.
Answer sentence: man demonstrating an industrial saw at a fair.

Decoded sentence: a man through a an man bike is wearing a an man and wearing a white helmet.
Answer sentence: man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves

Decoded sentence: a man carrying a on an empty bottle carrying her head across the dirt road.
Answer sentence: man carries empty coke bottles on his head across dirt road.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman fishing in the ocean.
Answer sentence: man and woman fishing in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a man and a child in a yellow kayak.
Answer sentence: man and child in yellow kayak

Decoded sentence: a man about to kick a football on a field.
Answer sentence: man about to kick football on a field.

Decoded sentence: a male with dark blond-hair and white and white shirt and a white cup with a brown bag.
Answer sentence: male with dark blond-hair, eyeglasses, watch, gray shirt, with a brown folded bag and white coffee cup on a white table.

Decoded sentence: a male tennis player with a tattoo on his left arm in his position who has some onlookers.
Answer sentence: male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down.

Decoded sentence: a male musicians playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and wearing a boardwalk.
Answer sentence: male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people sitting along a low wall in front of the grass with a building lined along.
Answer sentence: lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people are walking on the road near white buildings towards a park.
Answer sentence: lots of people are walking on the road near several white buildings towards nationals park.

Decoded sentence: a lot of men are sitting under a together tree.
Answer sentence: lot of men are sitting under a shaded tree.

Decoded sentence: a lone hikers in a mountain viewing a mountain to view a with the steps and is setting.
Answer sentence: lone hiker in mountain setting viewing newly tilled land prepared in a `` step '' system of planting.

Decoded sentence: a little dog gets ready for a pitch.
Answer sentence: little leaguer getting ready for pitch

Decoded sentence: the little kid is on an amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: little kids are on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a mask sitting on a crowded street 's shoulder as they walk through.
Answer sentence: little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.

Decoded sentence: a little girl looks through the camera.
Answer sentence: little girl looking through a camera.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is and a little crowd that is being red.
Answer sentence: little girl is disinterested by what entices the crowd.

Decoded sentence: a little girl holds her karate her son.
Answer sentence: little girl holding a karate trophy.

Decoded sentence: a little girl dressed up in a dark purple jacket and a large sunglasses.
Answer sentence: little girl dressing up in a dark purple jacket and large sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: a little brown and little girl in a red and white checkered shirt is heading and sandals.
Answer sentence: little brown headed girl in a red and white checkered shirt, white capris and white sandals plays outside chasing pigeons.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in a white karate uniform performing martial arts indoor.
Answer sentence: little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors.

Decoded sentence: a little boy with curly hair and a green shirt and blue jeans is getting a baseball bat.
Answer sentence: little boy with curly hair, a green shirt and blue jeans, has a baseball bat near a pinata, while a female behind him gets ready to take a picture of him.

Decoded sentence: the little boy wearing a multicolored scarf and has a multicolored hat and he looks down.
Answer sentence: little boy wearing a multicolored scarf and hat has a sad look on his face as he is looking down.

Decoded sentence: a little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.
Answer sentence: little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.

Decoded sentence: a little boy rides around a playground on a that is being her bike.
Answer sentence: little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike.

Decoded sentence: the little boy is dressed in blue and blue.
Answer sentence: little boy dressed in blue wearing cleats.

Decoded sentence: a view setting of a military guard is standing outside with a metal area behind her of.
Answer sentence: lighted night scene of a military uniformed guard standing outside behind metal street barriers, talking on a radio communications device, in front of a tank.

Decoded sentence: a large blue and a woman are full of people and a woman are as a few are all in a cardboard.
Answer sentence: large skillet full of soup boiling over an open campfire and woman rummaging in a cardboard box in background.

Decoded sentence: a large happy family walking down a railroad track with two dogs in the winter.
Answer sentence: large happy family walking down railroad tracks with two dogs in the winter.

Decoded sentence: a large brown dog is walking up a blue staircase.
Answer sentence: large brown dog walks up a blue staircase.

Decoded sentence: a lady standing in front of a store with a blue dress and blue dress talking on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: lady standing in front of store window in a blue dress talking on a cellphone with people walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: a lady in a black her.
Answer sentence: lady in black hoolahoops on the street.

Decoded sentence: the lady is looking in the photo of the photo.
Answer sentence: ladies looking in a photo album.

Decoded sentence: a ladder and ladder have set up rope and rope up in front of a group of a being and a woman.
Answer sentence: ladder against a tree and rope harness being set up by a camp leader in front of campers.

Decoded sentence: a of a woman and a woman surfing in a an man on a clear day in the background of a mountain.
Answer sentence: kite surfers are surfing in a shipping harbor on a clear windy day, in the background is a snowcapped mountain.

Decoded sentence: a kid sits on a ledge talk.
Answer sentence: kids sit on a ledge and talk.

Decoded sentence: the wall as two people watch and watching.
Answer sentence: kids scale a wall as two other people watch.

Decoded sentence: a kid running in a field.
Answer sentence: kids running in the field.

Decoded sentence: a kid rides on a bicycle near a mound of dirt with a dirt and a boy in front of the the.
Answer sentence: kids riding on their bicycles near a mound of dirt with a hovel from a backhoe in front of the mound.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing softball.
Answer sentence: kids playing softball.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing in the street while one holds a gun while an adult woman looks by.
Answer sentence: kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a park jungle gym.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a park jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: a kid and a little girl on the beach are jumping in a race with a dog and a white bucket.
Answer sentence: kids jump in a sack race, as a little girl on the beach with a minnie mouse bucket with her shovel scoops up the sand in piles.

Decoded sentence: a kid dressed in costume and a kid is dressed in a game.
Answer sentence: kids are dressed in costume and playing a game.

Decoded sentence: a kid standing in a playground is his other is looking in the playground.
Answer sentence: kid standing and looking determined in the playground

Decoded sentence: a kid playing a play game on an old school.
Answer sentence: kid playing old school game on an old pc.

Decoded sentence: a kid in a jean shorts is using a skateboard while jumping over the woman while the other.
Answer sentence: kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches.

Decoded sentence: the is a light white or white or white horse or has light gray and jumping over a red horse.
Answer sentence: jokey on white or light gray horse is jumping over a hurdle of yellow, white and black poles.

Decoded sentence: the items are selling items by an open market that is passing by a vendor.
Answer sentence: items are being sold in the open market by it 's vendors.

Decoded sentence: the in the snow while the other boy are in yellow and taking the camera while the other.
Answer sentence: it 's a snow day so the mother takes her little boy who is in yellow out to make a snowman, and the dog loves to roll in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the in the edge 's railing the other in a soccer game of the field 's are a field while.
Answer sentence: it 's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.

Decoded sentence: a group of people seem to be a asian station with people in a foreign writing in a foreign.
Answer sentence: it seems to be an asian subway station with few people and signs in a foreign writing on the wall.

Decoded sentence: the is looking like a man wearing a work uniform is looking like the other men who are.
Answer sentence: it looks to me like two men here wearing work uniforms have been trying to clear the gutters together in a foreign country, possibly the uk.

Decoded sentence: the young boy looks by a young boy on the attention and another boy is getting by a martial.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a young boy is getting someone on one attention from a martial arts instructor.

Decoded sentence: a man looks on home as a man is sleeping in the car to sleeping in the car.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a soldier is sleeping in a car on his way home after a deployment.

Decoded sentence: a group of two track are doing just get the two runners are running and getting ready.
Answer sentence: it is two track runners that just got done running a track race.

Decoded sentence: the of which appears to be the all all or the or above the one is appears to be a of or.
Answer sentence: it appears to be late fall or early winter.

Decoded sentence: the of which appears to be a in a river and woman sing down a river.
Answer sentence: it appears to be a makeshift boat floating down a river while a woman is singing.

Decoded sentence: an older woman in a blue and blue shirt is handing a on a of which is smiling and close.
Answer sentence: inside a sunny room, an older woman in a blue shirt is handing a loaf of bread over a pile of bagged bread to a smiling woman with eyes closed, in flower shirt and duster sweater, as a man in a red shirt and glasses stands between them and watches.

Decoded sentence: several individuals in a with a with a with a girl and a looking cellphone.
Answer sentence: individuals in a terminal review transit information while one girl talks on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a indian shop vendor working during the day.
Answer sentence: indian shop vendor working during the day.

Decoded sentence: a man has a teal bag on a boat and he is caught a fish while he is.
Answer sentence: in this photo there is a man in a white shirt dark blue pants standing on a small boat in what looks like a lake of some sort he has a net in one hand and a line of some type of string in the other the line is in the water the man also has a teal colored bag on his boat so he might be catching fish.

Decoded sentence: woman in a black t-shirt has arms around a man in a brown hat of a crowd of people in the.
Answer sentence: in the midst of a crowd of people, a woman in a black t-shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat.

Decoded sentence: there is a man in a gold and gold bicycle with a gold bicycle in the center of shopping.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there is a man who is painted gold with a gold bicycle.

Decoded sentence: there are two statue of a man on bicycles with a group of shopping in the middle of a shopping.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there are two statues of men on bicycles with skeletons by them.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black t-shirt is operating a camera while it pointing at the camera on a camera.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a crowd, a man in a black t-shirt operates a camera on a tripod, pointing it at the camera.

Decoded sentence: there is a couch in a living room and number is looking onto the other living and there.
Answer sentence: in the living room, there is a couch, a number of lights and seat looking onto a television.

Decoded sentence: a long camel and the desert away from the camera and the of a all camel that is passing.
Answer sentence: in the desert on a cloudy day, a long camel caravan makes several curves away from the camera, the last camel passing a sign along side the trail.

Decoded sentence: woman balancing a basket of a waiting `` to the beach '' on the beach.
Answer sentence: in the beach a woman is balancing a basket of shells on her head.

Decoded sentence: two men are running in opposite directions as one is in the other with an all bridge and.
Answer sentence: in the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a man and a couple walk and walk their rollerskates.
Answer sentence: in front of palm trees, figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person.

Decoded sentence: a man with a gray beard and beard and a man in a black shirt in front of a seated crowd.
Answer sentence: in front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.

Decoded sentence: woman looking out over an.
Answer sentence: in front of a clothesline where sheets and carpets are drying, a woman looks out over a concrete-block railing.

Decoded sentence: woman in pink jeans and child is skating and the other is walking in the background with.
Answer sentence: in foreground, a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate, while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young man in a karate uniform with a blue belt and has his arm around his neck and his.
Answer sentence: in an outdoor location with spectators in the background, a young man in a karate uniform with a blue belt has his arm around the neck of a young woman in a karate uniform with a brown belt while she grips his arm with both hands.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in orange pants and many other is wearing many backpacks and orange shirts.
Answer sentence: in a train station or bus depot a little boy in orange pants is running to his mother, wearing an orange shirt, with many passengers in the background having either backpacks or luggage.

Decoded sentence: young man dressed in black jacket is red is red and is looking a wire while in a professional.
Answer sentence: in a science classroom a young man dressed in a black jacket solders a wire to a circuit board.

Decoded sentence: a man appears to be falling onto a bed in a high setting while a room with high clothes.
Answer sentence: in a room with clothes strewn on the bed, a man appears to be falling onto the bed from a high distance.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a pink dress is sitting in a public area next a and older woman is sitting.
Answer sentence: in a public area, a young girl in a pink dress sits next to an older woman who works a primitive device to make brown thread.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl are standing together reading and reading a tree.
Answer sentence: in a park, a boy is bent to read the tree description, and a girl is standing nearby waiting for him.

Decoded sentence: three girls in green uniforms and yellow shirts are dancing down the middle of a street.
Answer sentence: in a parade, three girls in green uniforms and green and yellow feathers are dancing down the middle of a street.

Decoded sentence: a person dressed in black leans and singing against a fence in a mountain landscape.
Answer sentence: in a mountain landscape, a person dressed in black leans against a fence and looks downward.

Decoded sentence: a man with two sword and a woman are facing chinese with a martial arts are in a martial.
Answer sentence: in a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a chinese spear.

Decoded sentence: dancers in a it is being people before an watch in a dance studio.
Answer sentence: in a dance studio, dancers in scottish kilts rehearse before an instructor.

Decoded sentence: a man in white is an player wearing a yellow shirt and is approaching in a crowded concert.
Answer sentence: in a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man stands up with his arms up over to his head and he is doing a wave.
Answer sentence: in a crowd at a stadium, one man is standing up by himself with his arms up over his head like he 's doing the wave.

Decoded sentence: a man and an older man sitting on a bench watch two older ladies in front of a city in.
Answer sentence: in a city in front of a subway, a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him.

Decoded sentence: a black leather coat in a black coat is waiting for a book to look up from an an an two.
Answer sentence: in a black leather coat, a man waiting for the subway to come pauses to look up from his book to check the oncoming track.

Decoded sentence: the of the wet and man 's wet shoes is wet.
Answer sentence: if the tide comes in, the man 's tennis shoes will get wet.

Decoded sentence: some are gathered at an event and are gathered at an event.
Answer sentence: hundreds of people gathered at an event.

Decoded sentence: people setting outside a building together.
Answer sentence: household items being set outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a horse with her by is participating in a race.
Answer sentence: horses with jockeys participate in a race.

Decoded sentence: a homeless man and man among construction.
Answer sentence: homeless man living among the construction.

Decoded sentence: some are performing on an an an an two guitar.
Answer sentence: hipster performs on the acoustic guitar.

Decoded sentence: the of soccer game is watching the soccer game between the bus team as an.
Answer sentence: here, we 're watching a soccer game between the blue-shirts team and the green-shirts team.

Decoded sentence: picture of a side of a airplane throwing with with with with three men.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of the side of an airplane where the linen and garbage is being thrown out.

Decoded sentence: picture of people outside waiting for a great bus while taking people for a great bus.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere.

Decoded sentence: picture of people in a sports stadium.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a people in a sports stadium.

Decoded sentence: a group of men and women kissing a man at a park where the woman is taking pictures of.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man kissing his wife at a park and his wife is taking a picture of them kissing.

Decoded sentence: a lot of men 's sit together to look and 's sit like some clothing and are looking in.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man dressed in clothing form the 1800 's and looks a lot like george washington.

Decoded sentence: picture of a girl who is wearing a pink shirt and is standing on a woman looking down to.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down.

Decoded sentence: a little boy is 's by a boat with a porch on a large broom that has a large broom to a.
Answer sentence: here is a little boy whose being very cooperative and sweeping the outside porch area with a large broom on the front porch that has a strong railing.

Decoded sentence: the crying baby is holding his his his his his his his his his his his his his his his.
Answer sentence: here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother.

Decoded sentence: a all is jumping into a pile of leaves while being stand into a pile of leaves.
Answer sentence: he jumped into the pile of leaves we just finished raking.

Decoded sentence: he 's called he is with he is coming.
Answer sentence: he is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late.

Decoded sentence: a hard worker enjoying a lunch break sitting in the shade against a building.
Answer sentence: hard workers are enjoying their lunch break sitting in the shade against a building.

Decoded sentence: a happy man meat on a barbecue.
Answer sentence: happy man grilling meat on his barbecue.

Decoded sentence: the face is holding the man speaking to the hand is in front of the building in front of.
Answer sentence: happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building.

Decoded sentence: the happy child smiles while the other is being rock.
Answer sentence: happy children rocking out and smiling.

Decoded sentence: a group of men and a man are hanging onto the bar and a man on yellow and the girl with.
Answer sentence: hanging onto a bar, the man on a yellow and whiteboard cuts through the waves with the water rooster tailing up behind him.

Decoded sentence: the is digging around a tree in the ground.
Answer sentence: guys digging around a tree in the ground.

Decoded sentence: a guy runs in a marathon.
Answer sentence: guys are running in a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is in front of a bright yellow building with.
Answer sentence: guy wearing sunglasses and blue shirt on skateboard in front of a bright yellow building with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a guy on a blue ladder painting a building.
Answer sentence: guy on a ladder painting the building blue.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a white and white jacket is playing guitar while a man in a purple pants and other.
Answer sentence: guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a blue jacket and hat standing with a long smile in front of some kind of machinery.
Answer sentence: guy in blue jacket and hat standing in front of some type of machinery while starring up with a big smile.

Decoded sentence: a guy and a girl in jackets are listening to a mobile device.
Answer sentence: guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: gumdrops adorn the top of the dessert.

Decoded sentence: a group sitting on a grassy hill resting.
Answer sentence: group sitting on a grassy hill resting.

Decoded sentence: someone is performing a dance.
Answer sentence: group performs a dance together.

Decoded sentence: a group of young men holding a can posing.
Answer sentence: group of young men posing and holding cans.

Decoded sentence: a group of young men playing cricket in a dirt field.
Answer sentence: group of young men playing cricket in a dirt field.

Decoded sentence: three men in a man and woman are watching a older man playing guitar in the park.
Answer sentence: group of three men and women in their late 20s watching an older man play guitar in the park.

Decoded sentence: a group of teen males picking up by talking.
Answer sentence: group of teen males picking up garbage.

Decoded sentence: a group of people in a small lit area reading a small area.
Answer sentence: group of people in a small dimly lit area reading something.

Decoded sentence: a group of older women wearing red clothes and red clothes are sitting on a brick bench.
Answer sentence: group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.

Decoded sentence: a group of men sitting on a box in space with a man in a light with a with a man sitting.
Answer sentence: group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.

Decoded sentence: a group of children playing soccer with a body of water in the background.
Answer sentence: group of children playing soccer with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a group of women are being some from wheels up the edge of the water one is being round.
Answer sentence: group of bicyclers rounding a corner with water spraying up from their wheels.

Decoded sentence: a group of asian boys wait for a barbecue are cooking over a barbecue.
Answer sentence: group of asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue.

Decoded sentence: the blond wearing black and gray dress and the other the bride is wearing white and is.
Answer sentence: groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers.

Decoded sentence: the woman is posing with a track.
Answer sentence: groom posing with bridesmaids.

Decoded sentence: a grocery store and there is a grocery baseball cap and a red apron is sitting on a ledge.
Answer sentence: grocery store employee, dressed in a red apron & a baseball cap, sits on a ledge in front of the store.

Decoded sentence: a gray horse wearing a blue covered covered blue light while holding a bucket by a person.
Answer sentence: gray horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: a dog takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch.
Answer sentence: golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch.

Decoded sentence: the man and red apple are women laying in a metal bowl.
Answer sentence: glossy red apples lay stacked in a metal bowl.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with a metal car to.
Answer sentence: girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.

Decoded sentence: a girl with glasses and a blue shirt is wearing a blue shirt and striped shirt, sitting.
Answer sentence: girl with glasses wearing a black horizontally striped shirt, a blue tuque, and jeans sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk and street.

Decoded sentence: a girl with her arm crossing and a baby with a gray beard and holding a glass sitting on.
Answer sentence: girl with arms crossed, a man with a gray beard holding a glass, and a baby sitting on a porch.

Decoded sentence: a girl runs through the water near the shore.
Answer sentence: girl running through the water near the shore.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing golf with flowers in the background.
Answer sentence: girl playing mini golf with flowers in the background.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing in a puddle with her one arm.
Answer sentence: girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a white shirt blowing bubbles in a dark room.
Answer sentence: girl in white shirt blowing bubbles in dark room.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a blue sweater holding his own hand.
Answer sentence: girl in a blue sweater holding her own hands.

Decoded sentence: a girl is some soccer during a game during a game.
Answer sentence: girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game.

Decoded sentence: a girl and a boy serving food on a plate.
Answer sentence: girl and boy serving food on plate

Decoded sentence: a girl about to kick a piece of wood in her wood and a red karate and another.
Answer sentence: girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it

Decoded sentence: a gentleman in a blue scarf is walking in the city with a blond girl in front of a man.
Answer sentence: gentleman in blue scarf is walking in the city with a blond girl in front of a man in a black suit.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a man on a tractor are pulling a tractor on a fallen tree.
Answer sentence: from the inside of a car, a verdant neighborhood and a man on a tractor pulling a fallen tree are visible.

Decoded sentence: friends having fun playing in a water practice.
Answer sentence: friends having fun playing in the water geyser.

Decoded sentence: friends and friends sit on a lawn chair next to a fire while a fire sits on a lawn chair.
Answer sentence: friends and family relax and sit on lawn chairs next to a fire, at night.

Decoded sentence: four young women around a kitchen in plates with a that and the foreground in the foreground.
Answer sentence: four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: four young women sitting and talking in a public place.
Answer sentence: four young trendy women sitting and talking in a public place.

Decoded sentence: four young men and three children in a black are painting on a pier with brightly brightly.
Answer sentence: four young men, one fully dressed and seated, and three in black swim trunks- two standing, one seated- are on a pier with brightly painted railings.

Decoded sentence: four young men and a young woman on cellphones in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: four young men and a young woman on her cellphone are in a kitchen together.

Decoded sentence: four young children dressed in two children and a girl are posing with their backs and.
Answer sentence: four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back.

Decoded sentence: four young boys stand around a grill.
Answer sentence: four young boys are standing around a grill.

Decoded sentence: four young boys running down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four young boys are running down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four workers pose between the beam of a house.
Answer sentence: four workers pose between beams of a house.

Decoded sentence: four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of women and black.
Answer sentence: four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: four women sitting on an outdoor green outdoor furniture with a small patio in the other.
Answer sentence: four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: four women in red bathing suits perform a other routine in front of an audience.
Answer sentence: four women in red bathing suits are performing a synchronized swimming routine in front of an audience.

Decoded sentence: four women in a living room are playing musical instruments and a musical instrument.
Answer sentence: four women in a living room, three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: four teenagers and three girls are jumping in the air on a sidewalk by the river and the.
Answer sentence: four teenagers, three girls and one boy, are jumping in the air on a sidewalk by the river.

Decoded sentence: four teenagers are in a church playing instruments.
Answer sentence: four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments.

Decoded sentence: four with a long skirts and long skirts dancing in the sunlight with trees to the background.
Answer sentence: four similarly styled brightly dressed women with long skirts dancing in the sunlight with trees framing their movements in the background.

Decoded sentence: four shirtless men are hiking up a canyon.
Answer sentence: four shirtless men hike up a canyon.

Decoded sentence: four runners are competing in a race on an indoor course decorated with many other flags.
Answer sentence: four runners are competing in a race, on an indoor course, decorated with many colorful, international flags.

Decoded sentence: four road workers are planting a tree.
Answer sentence: four road workers planting a tree.

Decoded sentence: four players on soccer team stand by the field as one of them holds a yellow ball to the.
Answer sentence: four players on a soccer team stand on a field while one of them holds the yellow ball and talks to the referee.

Decoded sentence: four people with black hair are posing for a picture with a window in the background.
Answer sentence: four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background.

Decoded sentence: four people wearing two of `` one '' and paper bags on their heads to their each out.
Answer sentence: four people wearing chicago cubs shirts are wearing paper bags on their heads that spell out cubs.

Decoded sentence: four people walking toward a large group of some kind of people in the of coming and some.
Answer sentence: four people walking toward a large construction tower of some kind in a lightly wooded area.

Decoded sentence: four people walk down a city away away while one is looking her.
Answer sentence: four people walk down a city sidewalk- three facing the camera one away.

Decoded sentence: four people waiting for the train.
Answer sentence: four people waiting for their train.

Decoded sentence: four people are waiting for the side or are in chinese with chinese sitting behind them.
Answer sentence: four people wait by the side of the road, with a wall covered in chinese or japanese characters behind them.

Decoded sentence: four people standing near a wall at night.
Answer sentence: four people standing near a wall at night.

Decoded sentence: four people sitting in some branch on the tree.
Answer sentence: four people sitting in branches on a tree.

Decoded sentence: four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt and they.
Answer sentence: four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting on the steps of the entrance to a building.
Answer sentence: four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building.

Decoded sentence: four people sitting and listening to a woman in a blue and blue and neck of people with.
Answer sentence: four people sit and listen to a woman in a blue scoop neck talk with two bystanders in the background.

Decoded sentence: four people posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: four people posing for a picture

Decoded sentence: four people walk by a group of men and a life walk bench while a man plays guitar.
Answer sentence: four people of all different walks to life share one park bench while one man plays the guitar.

Decoded sentence: four people and two people are standing near a nearby tree.
Answer sentence: four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four people in are sitting and outdoor on a table staring at some onlookers are stop to.
Answer sentence: four people in period costumes sit outdoor at a table and curious onlookers stop to stare.

Decoded sentence: four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of big image that is using.
Answer sentence: four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of people using a big projector image on the wall.

Decoded sentence: four people and a man are sitting on a blue couch and looking very very close underneath.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting on blue and green couches, while a fifth man sitting aside looks on, underneath a sprawling red tree.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting down on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting behind a table full of food.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting behind a table full of food.

Decoded sentence: four people sitting at a picnic bench eating a man and a an man next to a bench.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting at a picnic bench eating while a fifth man stands next to the bench.

Decoded sentence: four people are showing people, two of which are on the blue and white are setting with.
Answer sentence: four people are shown in a gritty basement setting with blue walls and a white door on the ceiling ; two of the people wear black t-shirts with a skull-and-crossbones and the words ' starve poverty '.

Decoded sentence: four people are playing basketball on the an out deck outdoors.
Answer sentence: four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors.

Decoded sentence: four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs.
Answer sentence: four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four people hold american flags in the middle of a bunch of people.
Answer sentence: four people are holding an american flag in the middle of a bunch of people.

Decoded sentence: four people are at a trying to get a drink from two men.
Answer sentence: four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men.

Decoded sentence: four musicians are playing instruments and listening on the street while a young man stands.
Answer sentence: four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.

Decoded sentence: four all four of one are sitting in front of a laptop looking at.
Answer sentence: four men- one looking at a book- sit in front of laptops.

Decoded sentence: four men and two of them with stage in the air watch as two are in the air.
Answer sentence: four men, two of them with guitars, perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch.

Decoded sentence: four men look like they do laundry and one in long robes and long robe are looking like.
Answer sentence: four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.

Decoded sentence: four men in a play bread in an industrial kitchen while as 3 men in white lab coats are.
Answer sentence: four men, 3 in white lab coats and one wearing black jacket, surveying bread buns in industrial kitchen.

Decoded sentence: four men and two are working away into the ground two.
Answer sentence: four men working putting a tree into the ground, two are looking away, while the other two are shoveling the tree into the ground.

Decoded sentence: four men with their faces are jumping down from the top of the stairs.
Answer sentence: four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four men waiting in the area holding a ladder.
Answer sentence: four men waiting in a area, holding ladders.

Decoded sentence: four men are riding on the back of a of a.
Answer sentence: four men ride on the back of a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: four men in white t-shirts and blue jeans talking.
Answer sentence: four men in white t-shirts, blue jeans, and hats talking.

Decoded sentence: four men in shorts and sandals stand on the back of a garbage truck while standing on the.
Answer sentence: four men in shorts and sandals ride standing on the back of a garbage truck on a cobblestone street.

Decoded sentence: four men in are riding across a dry field on the back of a as a woman sits across wheels.
Answer sentence: four men in fatigues ride across a dry field on the back of a john deere gator while a woman sits at the wheel.

Decoded sentence: four men in camouflage two men and two of are taking the left down into the street.
Answer sentence: four men in camouflage uniforms hurry down a street, with the two men in front taking a left into some vegetation.

Decoded sentence: four men dressed in.
Answer sentence: four men dressed in chicago cubs shirts are walking while wearing brown bags over their heads that spell out `` c-u-b-s. ''

Decoded sentence: four men are doing to take a work on the roof.
Answer sentence: four men do repair work on a roof.

Decoded sentence: four men walk up a trail.
Answer sentence: four men are walking up a trail.

Decoded sentence: four men sitting near a tree talking and another is looking at a body of water.
Answer sentence: four men are sitting near a tree talking while another stands looking at a body of water and another is rowing a boat.

Decoded sentence: four men are in the of the one of the looking and the man is being rollerskating onto the.
Answer sentence: four men are rollerskating in a line, with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them.

Decoded sentence: four men and a man are leaping into the air outside of a house.
Answer sentence: four men are leaping into the air while the fifth man is standing on the ground outside of a house.

Decoded sentence: four men and four men in blue aprons are being stand in front of a table of an small blue.
Answer sentence: four men and women in blue aprons strand in front of a table where there are many white plates and small blue bowls.

Decoded sentence: four men and four women in blue are standing in the street with onlookers in the background.
Answer sentence: four men and one woman in blue outfits are standing together in a street with onlookers in the background.

Decoded sentence: four men are sitting at a conference table covered with a white sheet and one of them has.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman sit at a conference table covered in a white sheet, with beverages in front of them and one has a microphone.

Decoded sentence: four men and a woman are on stage and are on a stage about books and other are to are on.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman are on stage answering questions about a book.

Decoded sentence: four males and a camera equipment are on a warehouse inside of a water puddle.
Answer sentence: four males with camera equipment and backpacks inside a warehouse with puddles on water on the floor and graffiti on the walls.

Decoded sentence: four little kids in a navy outfit sitting down.
Answer sentence: four little kids in cute outfits sitting down.

Decoded sentence: four laughing women sitting around a dining table.
Answer sentence: four laughing women sitting around a dining table.

Decoded sentence: four kids one wearing a red shirt and the other wearing a red shirt and rollerblades.
Answer sentence: four kids, one wearing a red shirt and three wearing yellow, rollerblade through a square.

Decoded sentence: four individuals are jumping to the post of a snowy picture and a group of snowy mountains.
Answer sentence: four individuals donning snowshoes jump simultaneously to post for a picture atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: four guys wearing a man and three girl and a guy wearing a tank tank top, a girl wearing.
Answer sentence: four guys and one girl three guys are wearing short-sleeve shirt and the girl and the other guy is wearing tanks.

Decoded sentence: four girls are posing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: four girls pose in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: four girls in a kitchen near plates of their.
Answer sentence: four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: four girls are eating some at a construction.
Answer sentence: four girls eat breakfast at a convention.

Decoded sentence: four girls are sitting in the grass and a man is standing near them.
Answer sentence: four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them.

Decoded sentence: four girls and four girls are jumping up on the sand near the ocean.
Answer sentence: four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.

Decoded sentence: four females standing on the one in front of a black and the other black and a black is.
Answer sentence: four females stand on the tip of their toes while practicing ballet in front of a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: four female teens are showing soccer on a grassy field on an as two of them in blue shorts.
Answer sentence: four female teens are shown playing soccer on a grassy field on an overcast day, two of them in uniforms consisting of red-and-white vertically-striped jerseys and blue shorts.

Decoded sentence: four children, two boys and one boy are in a green background with trees and girl on the.
Answer sentence: four elementary-aged children, two boys and two girls, play on a green lawn with a tree and a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: four elderly women sitting and speaking on a park bench.
Answer sentence: four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.

Decoded sentence: four dirt bike riders ride on a dirt road.
Answer sentence: four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: four cowboy are sitting at a table with a bottle of `` the '' and a man on the middle of.
Answer sentence: four cowboys are sitting at a table with a bottle of whiskey in the middle of a rodeo, while a man on a horse trots by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two male wearing and male.
Answer sentence: four college-aged individuals- two males and two females- sitting on the concrete steps outside of a brick building

Decoded sentence: four children on a trampoline in a snow covered area.
Answer sentence: four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area.

Decoded sentence: four children look through a rolling up to the one is through.
Answer sentence: four children looking through rolled up booklets.

Decoded sentence: four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.
Answer sentence: four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: four children and some women are reading a another while in a professional room.
Answer sentence: four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table.

Decoded sentence: four children are playing on a hill of sand.
Answer sentence: four children are playing on a hill of sand.

Decoded sentence: four children are in the of the of of colored with some on a table with some looking at.
Answer sentence: four children are in an industrial kitchen looking at a recipe with the ingredients on the table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: four children are having a pillow fight.
Answer sentence: four children are having a pillow fight.

Decoded sentence: four women dressed in a this this is a around a stone wall with a all stone behind them.
Answer sentence: four casually dressed guys jumping down a stairway outdoors with a stone wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: four boys are playing on a merry-go-round at a park.
Answer sentence: four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park.

Decoded sentence: four boys are sitting in chairs surrounded and surrounded their heads and their heads with.
Answer sentence: four boys are surrounding a person sitting in a chair and splashing their head with pink paint.

Decoded sentence: four black men are sitting on a bench near a food cart with other people running and in.
Answer sentence: four black men are sitting on a bench near a food cart run by a man with bystanders.

Decoded sentence: a foreign dancers dancing in the city street with bright red and green with `` shoes and.
Answer sentence: foreign folk dancers are dressed in outfits of bright lime green, red and white tops, lime green headbands and red, blousy trousers and open-toed specialty shoes while dancing in a city street, while spectators enjoy the show.

Decoded sentence: a football player wearing a helmet and has striped helmet blowing his moves while standing.
Answer sentence: football players wearing helmets practice defensive moves while their coach stands by ready to blow his whistle.

Decoded sentence: the football player is being tackled in a group and is being tackled.
Answer sentence: football players engaged in a tackle.

Decoded sentence: food and his truck of a woman truck is reaching for a audience as a black hat reaching.
Answer sentence: food donations for the community food bank fill a truck as a worker donning a black hat reaches the loading dock.

Decoded sentence: the woman player is performing for the face in the underground walkway.
Answer sentence: flute player performs for commuters in an underground walkway.

Decoded sentence: five riders all wearing coats and a black and black goggles are in a black coat and wearing.
Answer sentence: five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat, white coat, red coat, blue coat, and black coat.

Decoded sentence: five people and two on the left and two wearing identical white shirts and to are wearing.
Answer sentence: five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.

Decoded sentence: five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow with a down and out in.
Answer sentence: five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow, with snowmobiles in the background.

Decoded sentence: five people stand on a bridge while one of the men in the brown shirt and jeans is lined.
Answer sentence: five people stand on a bridge while one of the people, a balding man in a brown shirt and jeans, points away from the bridge.

Decoded sentence: five people are selling up at a tiger in front of a chinese group.
Answer sentence: five people stair up at a tiger that is in front of chinese letters.

Decoded sentence: five people are raising their.
Answer sentence: five people raising a sail

Decoded sentence: five people playing string instruments in public.
Answer sentence: five people playing string instruments in public.

Decoded sentence: five people are playing a board game on a table filled with snacks and a woman in the standing.
Answer sentence: five people playing a board game on a table filled with snacks and candles sitting in a corner of a room with book shelves behind them.

Decoded sentence: five people of different ages are sitting at a table playing a board game.
Answer sentence: five people of different ages are sitting at the table playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: five people are sitting inside a building.
Answer sentence: five people are sitting inside a building.

Decoded sentence: five people dressed in all black coats leaning on a building with blond blond coats.
Answer sentence: five people are dressed in black fur coats with blond wigs leaning on a building.

Decoded sentence: five musicians and four men are practicing a sheet music in a living room.
Answer sentence: five musicians, a man and four women, practicing sheet music ( using flutes ) in a living room.

Decoded sentence: five men dressed in white shirts and black are conversing at the back of an open van while.
Answer sentence: five men, uniformly dressed in white shirts, tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van.

Decoded sentence: five men and one man standing up a picture of a child wearing a white shirt and hanging.
Answer sentence: five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.

Decoded sentence: five men wearing black shorts and starting the starting blocks in a track competition.
Answer sentence: five men wearing black shorts are leaving the starting blocks in a track competition with few spectators.

Decoded sentence: five men are playing a competitive game of a man in a black tank top and black shorts playing.
Answer sentence: five men playing a competitive game of basketball with the man in the black tank top and black shorts in possession of the ball.

Decoded sentence: five men on a ladder cleaning the outside of a building.
Answer sentence: five men on ladders cleaning the outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: five men in and asian garb and not are conversing around their heads while people conversing.
Answer sentence: five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background.

Decoded sentence: five men dressed as woman in black are outside and blue coats are outside of a store and.
Answer sentence: five men dressed as women in black fur coats and glasses, outside of a store on the street, all holding purses in their hands.

Decoded sentence: five men are some of the in which is being has her there is.
Answer sentence: five men at differing heights on scaffolding next to a building.

Decoded sentence: five men riding in an an out wearing helmets and helmets racing uniforms in a are racing.
Answer sentence: five men are riding in mini-race cars, wearing helmets and racing uniforms in a variety of colors.

Decoded sentence: five little kids are taking a ride in some type of amusement park.
Answer sentence: five little kids are taking a ride in some type of amusement park.

Decoded sentence: five hikers walk through a rocky and a few are looking towards the camera as one face is.
Answer sentence: five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.

Decoded sentence: five guys are sitting on stage in front of two green tents behind a `` tent '' banner for.
Answer sentence: five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a boy scouts of america banner.

Decoded sentence: five children and one is attempting to three on the back of the arm.
Answer sentence: five children spin around on a playground roundabout ; three lay on their backs, while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms, and another holds onto the side while sitting up.

Decoded sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps located outside.
Answer sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps that are located outside.

Decoded sentence: five children outside their.
Answer sentence: five children outside a bungalow looking in different directions.

Decoded sentence: five black men wearing white coats are working in a waiting to work under a microscope.
Answer sentence: five black men wearing white coat and their heads shaved are working in a laboratory, looking under the microscope.

Decoded sentence: five ballet dancers caught in a dancing studio with a dancing and caught through the window.
Answer sentence: five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window.

Decoded sentence: five adults sitting outside at a picnic table playing a with a few adults.
Answer sentence: five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.

Decoded sentence: five asian friends pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: five asian friends posing together for a picture.

Decoded sentence: five asian doctor in green in green scrubs have a mask over a discussion and appears to.
Answer sentence: five asian doctors in green hospital scrubs and masks having a discussion over what appears to be an ongoing operation.

Decoded sentence: a fisherman on the beach is being man and is.
Answer sentence: fishermen on the beach organize their nets.

Decoded sentence: the first is looking at the car that is sliding off a car that is being flips off a car.
Answer sentence: first responders look at car that has slid off a snowbank and flipped over.

Decoded sentence: a firefighters relaxing by a group while being blue.
Answer sentence: firefighters relax after responding to an emergency.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a pink helmet and white shorts and white shorts and a white gym parked.
Answer sentence: female wearing a pink helmet, white shirt and white gym shorts, parking her motorcycle along side a busy sidewalk cafe.

Decoded sentence: a female friends gather outside in a fenced area.
Answer sentence: female friends gather their dogs outside in a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: a female football football wearing a brown tank top and blue shorts is attending a football.
Answer sentence: female football fan wearing brown tank top and blue jean shorts attends a football game in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: a female martial belt outside a while a female woman and a martial artist with a gray day.
Answer sentence: female black belt martial artists performs outside on a gray day with weapon on a mat while spectators and other martial artists including 3 children look on.

Decoded sentence: the father is pushing his son on the track.
Answer sentence: father is pushing his son on the track.

Decoded sentence: the father in a white shirt and khaki shorts is kissing the son wearing a dark red shirt.
Answer sentence: father in white shirt and khaki shorts tenderly kisses his son, seen wearing a dark red shirt and denim pants, on the head as they share a quiet moment while sitting in the doorway of a van.

Decoded sentence: the fans are watching a basketball game at the stadium.
Answer sentence: fans watching a basketball game indoors at a stadium.

Decoded sentence: the family of winter walk ahead in a park taking two children in a park.
Answer sentence: family taking a winter walk in a park path while two of the children run ahead of the family.

Decoded sentence: the family on the beach is looking at the ocean after wedding.
Answer sentence: family on beach looking at the ocean after a wedding.

Decoded sentence: a factory workers an job that is white to their hands.
Answer sentence: factory workers are steadily completing their jobs.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a playing the glass clean the other business.
Answer sentence: employees on stepladders clean the glass doors of a business.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a pink shirt smiles for the camera inside a restaurant kitchen.
Answer sentence: employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen.

Decoded sentence: several very people crew at a police officer at a setting of cars.
Answer sentence: emergency medical crews, firefighters, and police officers at the scene of a car accident.

Decoded sentence: the an hands man and woman in a sit and walk along a sidewalk trail along a lady and denim.
Answer sentence: eleven men and women in cotton shirts and denim pants walk uphill along a shaded forest trail.

Decoded sentence: the with the cloudy one of the other is a cloudy his rock and the the sun jumps in the.
Answer sentence: eleven children wearing coats of all colors are jumping in the air with mountains and a cloudy sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: an elderly gentleman in a brown shirt, a woman in a who is sitting at a table and has a.
Answer sentence: elderly gentleman in brown trench-coat and woman in orange-brown fur coat sitting at table, woman has her back to camera.

Decoded sentence: two young people are sitting in the rough circle at the grass with a grass and three other.
Answer sentence: eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: the middle-aged couple is two of a men and an orange are coming as a man plays on a and.
Answer sentence: eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar, banjo, and accordion play on a stage.

Decoded sentence: the is a football player is in a as while a woman takes down a his rock.
Answer sentence: eight football players are in mid-play as the defense takes down the offense.

Decoded sentence: the woman is a great time and making time out the to make their great time to make out.
Answer sentence: earth, water and sky make this a great spot a time out.

Decoded sentence: a group of an are very happy.
Answer sentence: during the election party not all the guest attending are happy.

Decoded sentence: students kick through the wooden and an individual holding it while it holds it.
Answer sentence: during karate practice, one student kicks through a wooden plank while another individual holds it at face-height.

Decoded sentence: a blue biker and a biker appear to be doing what appears to be doing a biker as the biker.
Answer sentence: during a race, the blue biker cleared a jump safely, while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping.

Decoded sentence: people hold a rainbow flag up the face during a for a for a her very out in an asian city.
Answer sentence: during a gay pride parade in an asian city, some people hold up rainbow flags to show support.

Decoded sentence: a five view of men with orange helmets climbing a rock.
Answer sentence: downward view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock.

Decoded sentence: two baseball players and a baseball in a field where the players are riding and one in.
Answer sentence: dour baseball players in a field, one is touching the ball to the ground and one is sliding past a base.

Decoded sentence: a dog fighting in the grass over a toy.
Answer sentence: dogs fight in grass over toy.

Decoded sentence: a dog is pulling a sled across the snow.
Answer sentence: dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.

Decoded sentence: a dog with a big collar running.
Answer sentence: dog with big collar running.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs after a dog in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: dog running after another dog in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a dog kicking up dirt.
Answer sentence: dog kicking up dirt

Decoded sentence: a dog jumping to catch a that is some fall and being fall out in the woods.
Answer sentence: dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods.

Decoded sentence: a dog is digging in the sand.
Answer sentence: dog digs in sand

Decoded sentence: someone is discussing a rainy weather.
Answer sentence: discussing the rainy weather.

Decoded sentence: different people walk on the sidewalk in front of a orange and a orange walking.
Answer sentence: different people are walking on a sidewalk, in both directions, in front of an orange canopy.

Decoded sentence: a group of police are helping a woman is helping a police against a police something.
Answer sentence: demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality.

Decoded sentence: a dark is with a chair and a.
Answer sentence: dark nightclub with chairs.

Decoded sentence: white dancers perform a stage with a pink and pink look out on them out.
Answer sentence: dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist is looking the start of a race.
Answer sentence: cyclists await the start of a race.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist and number their walk through the mud.
Answer sentence: cyclist number forty-eight treks through the mud.

Decoded sentence: the man and little kids are gathered to get the.
Answer sentence: cute little kids pretending to get married.

Decoded sentence: customers standing in front of talk and talk at a desk sitting with a computer.
Answer sentence: customers stand in front of and talk with representatives sitting at desks with computers.

Decoded sentence: customers waiting for the service service window at a.
Answer sentence: customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.

Decoded sentence: the fans have a paper bags on their heads to are looking out.
Answer sentence: cubs fans have paper bags on their heads that spell out `` cubs. ''

Decoded sentence: a crowd walks along the street.
Answer sentence: crowds walk along the street.

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people walking and a multicolored tent putting up flags for a cement lot in.
Answer sentence: crowds of people are walking are multicolored tents and flags that are put up outside in a cement lot as a big city looms in the distance.

Decoded sentence: a crowd watches as a woman in a red shirt is going to the other blocks with a with a man.
Answer sentence: crowd watches as a woman in red shirt goes to break a cinder block with a sledgehammer on a man 's chest.

Decoded sentence: a crowd standing outside the brick area.
Answer sentence: crowd standing outside a metro area.

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people are walking around a brick shop on a brick lined street.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walk around on a brick paved shop lined street.

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people in a race for a group in an urban setting.
Answer sentence: crowd of people in race for a cure in urban setting.

Decoded sentence: a crowd in an asian group and a woman holds a purple bicycle and a scene overlooking the.
Answer sentence: crowd in an asian city surrounding a man, in the foreground a woman holding a purple bicycle overlooking the scene.

Decoded sentence: the sitting is working with the woods with his `` their '' gun.
Answer sentence: craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun.

Decoded sentence: a couple and a woman dressed in little women stand along the shoreline of a little couple.
Answer sentence: couple, man and woman, with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline.

Decoded sentence: a couple sleeping on a subway line sitting next to each other.
Answer sentence: couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other.

Decoded sentence: a while an man playing with a man in a crowd.
Answer sentence: costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman guy doing a back flip in a park to some other girls and a few are being some back.
Answer sentence: cool guy decides to do a back flip in a park.

Decoded sentence: construction workers working on the highway at night while people are seen doing the while.
Answer sentence: construction workers working on a highway at night as people look to see what they are doing.

Decoded sentence: construction workers are working on the road into night.
Answer sentence: construction workers work on a road into the night.

Decoded sentence: construction workers stand near a track at night.
Answer sentence: construction workers stand near tracks at night.

Decoded sentence: construction workers laying wall and tile in a hallway.
Answer sentence: construction workers laying wall tile in a hallway.

Decoded sentence: construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate by a gate.
Answer sentence: construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate.

Decoded sentence: construction workers are passing through the.
Answer sentence: construction workers drilling through a plank of wood.

Decoded sentence: construction workers are working carrying a piece of equipment.
Answer sentence: construction workers are working together to carry a piece of equipment.

Decoded sentence: construction workers gather at a construction site along a city street during a.
Answer sentence: construction workers are gathered at a construction site along a city street during an excavation.

Decoded sentence: construction workers being at on a high beam.
Answer sentence: construction worker, welding on high beam.

Decoded sentence: construction workers in hard hats and neon yellow and neon vests working on stairs.
Answer sentence: construction worker in a hard hat and yellow neon vest, working on stairs.

Decoded sentence: a person standing in the middle of a trolley is trying to be a sign out while the person.
Answer sentence: confused person standing in the middle of the trolley tracks trying to figure out the signs.

Decoded sentence: the woman is in the air with an man is in the air with a camera.
Answer sentence: confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration.

Decoded sentence: the man gets ready to compete in a grand opening event by his all.
Answer sentence: competitors getting ready to compete in a grand opening event hosted by the chief executive

Decoded sentence: a his his side of an old woman 's face and gold hair with a many woman who is covering.
Answer sentence: closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.

Decoded sentence: a his his woman with glasses blowing bubbles in a lit room with his all lit '' in the background.
Answer sentence: closeup of man with glasses blowing a bubble gum bubble in a dimly lit room with a faint ceiling light in the background.

Decoded sentence: a closeup of a young boy with brown eyes is holding up a child on her eyes and a woman.
Answer sentence: closeup of a young caucasian boy with brown eyes, and in a red fleece zip-up jacket, holding up a monarch butterfly on his index finger.

Decoded sentence: a climber on a rock formation using a rope.
Answer sentence: climber on rock formation using ropes.

Decoded sentence: city workers and wearing gray pants are picking up some laundry and wearing gray shirt,.
Answer sentence: city workers, both wearing gray pants and green shirts, are trimming tree branches and picking up the debris.

Decoded sentence: city workers are doing some at a train track.
Answer sentence: city workers are doing maintenance on a train track.

Decoded sentence: the is a snowy day with a man and his other summer in the background.
Answer sentence: citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: cities need to be replaced with a new idea such as a super sized mall type building with no need for travel or cars.

Decoded sentence: a child sitting in a canoe on a metal lake.
Answer sentence: children sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake.

Decoded sentence: a child rides a balloon ride in an amusement park.
Answer sentence: children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.

Decoded sentence: the woman is posing in the tree.
Answer sentence: children posing in a tree

Decoded sentence: a child watching a soccer on a field while playing soccer.
Answer sentence: children playing soccer on a field while parents watch.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on the beach.
Answer sentence: children playing on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on a playground sliding down a slide.
Answer sentence: children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.

Decoded sentence: a child playing in front of a sign for the stand and the other is a painting garden.
Answer sentence: children playing in front of a sign for the `` hartman prehistoric garden ''.

Decoded sentence: a child playing the other together.
Answer sentence: children playing checkers.

Decoded sentence: a group of water in the water fountain.
Answer sentence: children play in a water fountain.

Decoded sentence: a child is participating in a game of tug-of-war.
Answer sentence: children participate in a game of tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a child in a classroom lined with hands on each back to be back to her hands and 's back.
Answer sentence: children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other 's backs, forming a train.

Decoded sentence: the with the and colorful balloon is wearing a rainbow flag and is walking with an adult.
Answer sentence: children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.

Decoded sentence: a child enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: a child enjoying his his rock coming to coming from a nearby fountain.
Answer sentence: children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment.

Decoded sentence: a child climbs a huge tree.
Answer sentence: children climbing huge tree.

Decoded sentence: the child is being hair about the firetruck.
Answer sentence: children are learning about a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: a child climbs in the sand and digging at the sand with a football on a green and sand.
Answer sentence: children are climbing and digging in the sand at a makeshift playground, which features a structure made from tires.

Decoded sentence: the child is being her `` is on a beautiful lake and is being her by.
Answer sentence: children are canoeing on a beautiful lake.

Decoded sentence: a child is sitting on the floor and paint in a his background center.
Answer sentence: children and staff sit on the floor and paint in a recreation center.

Decoded sentence: a child sits down looking at a train ride to a train.
Answer sentence: child sitting down looking at train ride brochure

Decoded sentence: a child in a log and blue shirt painting a log.
Answer sentence: child in red and blue shirt painting a log.

Decoded sentence: the chefs are preparing food for a group of women and other restaurant.
Answer sentence: chefs prepare food for patrons of a sushi restaurant.

Decoded sentence: the cheerleaders are practicing a with a group of.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are practicing pyramid routines.

Decoded sentence: the cheerleaders are on the field all in the field.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are on the field cheering.

Decoded sentence: a cement truck with a white young young young young building in front of buildings.
Answer sentence: cement truck with a yellow mixer parked in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian caucasian and a woman and a light white wedding are wearing a white wedding.
Answer sentence: caucasian couple, both with red-hair, bride wearing a white wedding gown, groom wearing light blue shirt and silk blue tie, sharing a piece of white wedding cake with chocolate frosting.

Decoded sentence: a woman is loading onto a ship.
Answer sentence: cargo is being loaded onto a ship.

Decoded sentence: a man and his to a with a group of young are sitting and in a for a race.
Answer sentence: cancer survivors race for a cure.

Decoded sentence: the man in the orange hard hat is standing atop a platform overlooking the wide open and.
Answer sentence: cameramen and other men in orange hard hats stand atop a platform overlooking the wide open vista.

Decoded sentence: some an people are watching the other girls of a group between red and black cars.
Answer sentence: bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.

Decoded sentence: a busy city street scene displaying pedestrians displaying traffic.
Answer sentence: busy city street scene displaying pedestrians and automobile traffic.

Decoded sentence: a woman listening to a light by a light post near the beach.
Answer sentence: bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach.

Decoded sentence: the something with glasses is sitting at a black and a on a colorful desk in colorful which.
Answer sentence: buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather.

Decoded sentence: a brunette woman in a white bikini pouring drinks into a man 's cup.
Answer sentence: brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man 's cup.

Decoded sentence: a brunette female wearing a yellow bikini top and a blue tattoo is being do across the.
Answer sentence: brunette female wearing yellow bikini top, has large tattoo inked across her lower back, and a blue towel draped across her right shoulder.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog with a black collar is being background.
Answer sentence: brown dog with black collar licking nose.

Decoded sentence: a brown and white dog running towards the camera while a white dog is casting long white.
Answer sentence: brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.

Decoded sentence: a brightly dressed man doing a on a log.
Answer sentence: brightly dressed men doing acrobatics on a log.

Decoded sentence: the an man is playing his racket as a guitar on his an all performance of the street while.
Answer sentence: brazilian mime is playing the racket as a guitar for his solo performance on the streets of brazil in this picture.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing jeans and a hood or hood as they stand on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: boys wearing jeans and hooded sweatshirts stand on a sidewalk, and one of them is holding a black plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a boy selling flowers and a drink and selling items on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: boys are selling flowers, drinks, mugs, and other items on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the group of someone wearing helmets and hanging cars and they are riding their all on.
Answer sentence: boys and men, mostly all wearing helmets, hang on to two separate cars while they ride skateboards.

Decoded sentence: a group 's woman 's looking looking at the other boys standing at attention.
Answer sentence: boy 's camp drill sergeant with boys standing at attention.

Decoded sentence: a boy with his white on his feet in the sand on the beach.
Answer sentence: boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy with his eyes and a shorts with a boat in the background.
Answer sentence: boy with eye patch and headscarf, boats in background.

Decoded sentence: a boy with dark goggles is standing on his head with one leg spread at the end of a group.
Answer sentence: boy with dark skin, standing on his head with legs spread, at the end of a floating wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: a boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.
Answer sentence: boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a striped shirt is looking at a carnival lake.
Answer sentence: boy in striped shirt looks at peaceful lake.

Decoded sentence: a boy in shorts is facing the water and reflective water down in shallow.
Answer sentence: boy in shorts, face down in shallow, reflective water.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a red and blue vest and white trunks on a is looking.
Answer sentence: boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a green sweater with white stripes on the camera standing with a wood on the wood.
Answer sentence: boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a brown shirt with headphones on her child and a crowd on a crowd 's shoulder.
Answer sentence: boy in brown shirt with headphones on sits on woman 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a boy in black shorts sliding on a black surface covered with water and a green tree in.
Answer sentence: boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl running along the beach.
Answer sentence: boy and girl running along the beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman jumps in a while a woman is catching a tennis while a woman catches a tennis ball.
Answer sentence: border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.

Decoded sentence: the is holding a sign on a pole.
Answer sentence: bolts hold the sign on the pole.

Decoded sentence: the side of a mountain biker is being held by a rocky trail.
Answer sentence: blurry picture of mountain biker descending rocky trail.

Decoded sentence: a blond-haired couple posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: blond-haired couple posing for picture.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman in a white dress sitting on a wooden walkway with a green and green lined.
Answer sentence: blond women in a white dress sitting on a wooden blanked walkway with a green lined background.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman smoking a cigarette by a shopping bag.
Answer sentence: blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman sitting on a city bench reading a magazine and magazines in the shade.
Answer sentence: blond woman sitting on city bench reading a magazine in the shade.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage and the other the while the other is holding.
Answer sentence: blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back.

Decoded sentence: a blond man with a white shirt up shirt and wearing a microphone up in two women who is.
Answer sentence: blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women, one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones.

Decoded sentence: a blond girl with a white and black t-shirt dancing and dancing in an pose crowd of a young.
Answer sentence: blond girl with a white and black feather boa and gray t-shirt dancing in crowd of young people.

Decoded sentence: a blond girl in an orange and uniform standing in front of a door of a large and white.
Answer sentence: blond girl in a yellow-belt martial arts uniform standing in front of a door and carrying a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: a blond child with a large black coat and multicolored scarf standing in front of a window.
Answer sentence: blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: a blond male in a black t-shirt and professional shorts holding a baseball while a man.
Answer sentence: blond caucasian male in black t-shirt and cargo shorts, holding a professional digital camera, taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: a blond boy is woman is woman with a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: the he 's is singing near a black man in the nice two rest of the other on a is a group.
Answer sentence: black man in a nice suite that matches the rest of the choir he 's singing with near a piano.

Decoded sentence: a black dog jumping in the air with a white dog standing on the grass near a pool of rocks.
Answer sentence: black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog wearing a harness walking through the water.
Answer sentence: black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water.

Decoded sentence: a black bird standing on his hand of the bank holding a who is holding with with with with.
Answer sentence: black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds

Decoded sentence: a group 's eyes 's eyes of a city workers walking on the street.
Answer sentence: bird 's eye view of a city worker walking on the street.

Decoded sentence: a biker race through the forest.
Answer sentence: bikers race through a forest.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclist waiting at an intersection.
Answer sentence: bicyclists waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclists riding on a play field wearing red and yellow uniforms and other helmets wearing.
Answer sentence: bicyclist riding on a grass field, wearing a red and yellow uniform, shades, and a helmet.

Decoded sentence: someone is a group of hot sun like how to be a hot sun to being like with city.
Answer sentence: being exposed to hot sun like this can cause skin cancer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and rollerblades is sliding down a railing before onlookers in the.
Answer sentence: before onlookers in a park, a man in a black shirt and rollerblades slides backward down a railing.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful snowy landscape with people other people through the snow.
Answer sentence: beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful brunette woman and a blue and black are are people are people.
Answer sentence: beautiful brunette woman, draped in purple, blue and a scarlet scarves.

Decoded sentence: a man and wearing sunglasses and a leather jacket standing by wearing orange and leather.
Answer sentence: bearded man wearing sunglasses, hat and leather jacket standing by an orange life preserver.

Decoded sentence: a group of men and a group with toy soldiers playing a game with a toy soldiers and a man.
Answer sentence: bearded man playing a game with toy soldiers, tanks and a dice with a soldier and a bomb painted on it.

Decoded sentence: the beach woman looks at the heart and left is being left by a sky.
Answer sentence: beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer.

Decoded sentence: players about to take a on a and basketball player in the audience with an audience behind.
Answer sentence: basketball players in a stadium with the audience behind them, one player is about to slam dunk and score.

Decoded sentence: the number wearing the number with a baseball home and the team is being round by a player.
Answer sentence: baseball player melky cabrera wearing number 53 jersey standing behind home plate looks on as his team rounds home behind the catcher.

Decoded sentence: a baseball purple is trying to the player from the opposite team sliding into the home.
Answer sentence: baseball catcher trying to tag out a player from the opposite team that is sliding into home base.

Decoded sentence: a barefoot woman on stage wearing a man and a woman dancing a woman dancing.
Answer sentence: barefoot women on a stage wearing similar cultural outfits dancing.

Decoded sentence: a barefoot man wearing a black mask and no shirt, is walking in the making a together.
Answer sentence: barefoot men wearing black masks and no shirts are walking in a procession.

Decoded sentence: a band students performing at an outdoor concert with a tent with an audience in the background.
Answer sentence: band students performing at an outdoor concert, with tents and audience in the background.

Decoded sentence: a band playing in front of a small crowd outside.
Answer sentence: band playing in front of a small crowd outside.

Decoded sentence: a band performs music in an together to an man and center.
Answer sentence: band performing music in a visitors information center.

Decoded sentence: a man is being pulled on his beard and leaning with a man who is leaning against a chair.
Answer sentence: balding man with a beard who has fallen asleep leaning on another man next to him, against the rails of a set of stairs.

Decoded sentence: a bald woman wearing glasses and a four women reading.
Answer sentence: bald woman wearing glasses reads to four men and one woman.

Decoded sentence: a green backyard jumps among a group of two friends are in a green and green man and the.
Answer sentence: backyard jump pose that looks ninja like as two friends pretend to fight among green garden set ups.

Decoded sentence: a baby in a brown jacket is crying and walking by the boy and the orange car is being crying.
Answer sentence: baby in brown jacket, crying and walking to a boy, by orange car.

Decoded sentence: a while in the air with running his walking on the forest background.
Answer sentence: bmxer in the air with motion blur on the forest background.

Decoded sentence: audience at an event with stage as a group is a grill.
Answer sentence: audience at an event with the stage lights as the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: the women and his roller derby are holding their roller derby and the other is seated and.
Answer sentence: attractive woman, roller derby team `` roller girls '' stares, while fixing her shirt and holding a bag.

Decoded sentence: the athletes are preparing to the water and wearing their outfits and are preparing to.
Answer sentence: athletes who are wearing numbered outfits are preparing to enter the water for a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a bag of a street crossing at a corner of a black intersection waits in a woman holding.
Answer sentence: at the corner of an intersection, a black vehicle waits as a woman in black holding a bag is crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: a man and a book are laying on their faces at the beach while a woman reads at a bikini.
Answer sentence: at the beach, a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes.

Decoded sentence: a very old and a very old girl is sleeping while a one is being walk out.
Answer sentence: at the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him.

Decoded sentence: a group of men appear to be sharing some kind of a large group of gathering and some other.
Answer sentence: at some sort of large gathering, a group of men who appear to be chefs stand in a circle sharing some kind of food.

Decoded sentence: two men in glasses are crouching near a plant at night.
Answer sentence: at night, two men in glasses crouch near some plants.

Decoded sentence: a man speaking into a as a man holds a young.
Answer sentence: at an outdoor event, one man is speaking into a megaphone while another man is holding the megaphone.

Decoded sentence: some sort of people are smoking and are smoking by a few pedestrians pass by.
Answer sentence: at a street festival, a boy and a man cook some sort of `` texas smoked '' meat while pedestrians pass by.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man in white and black pants are playing and playing red and other men are.
Answer sentence: at a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white uniform 's uniform 's uniform is standing by two older men at a are having.
Answer sentence: at a naval yard, a man in a white navy officer 's uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white uniform is standing atop a stunt at a martial arts and his is doing a.
Answer sentence: at a martial arts demonstration, a few men in white uniforms stand atop one another, doing stunts.

Decoded sentence: various professional professional are being pulled at a long conference table in an office.
Answer sentence: at a long conference table in an office, various professionals consult their papers and laptops.

Decoded sentence: many people of four girls are child playing and black are riding in an crowded market foreground.
Answer sentence: at a crowded outdoor event, many people are milling about, with four girls playing jump-rope in the immediate foreground.

Decoded sentence: tourists and a white umbrella are under the shade of a color on the of the of palm leaves.
Answer sentence: at a beachfront cafe, where the leaves of palm trees are blown by a gentle breeze, tourists dine under turquoise and white shade umbrellas which match the colors of the sky and the sea beyond them, while in the distance, beachgoers relax beneath blue cabanas and umbrellas on the sand.

Decoded sentence: a girl sliding through a light to sliding through a baseball game while the other is a.
Answer sentence: at a baseball game, one girl slides through dirt into a base while the other raises her arms.

Decoded sentence: a little group on a has some other candy getting at some candy.
Answer sentence: at halloween, this little spiderman waits to get some candy.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman in various form of four dress who is hand of themselves from the sun.
Answer sentence: asian women in various forms of dress use pastel umbrellas to shield themselves from the sun.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman in a white shirt standing away from a crowd as she stands behind.
Answer sentence: asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her.

Decoded sentence: an asian school child is on a field while listening to a stall that is which is posing.
Answer sentence: asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech, except for one girl who is posing for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a asian people walking to work through a town.
Answer sentence: asian people walking to work through town.

Decoded sentence: an asian people sitting on a airplane looking and food as a food is serving them.
Answer sentence: asian people sitting on an airplane waiting as the flight attendants is serving them food.

Decoded sentence: an asian man is sweeping the walkway.
Answer sentence: asian man sweeping the walkway.

Decoded sentence: an asian man is preparing something with a group of people in a shopping and area in a.
Answer sentence: asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him, at a food court in a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: an asian man in a blue shirt is working with a machine.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue shirt works with a machine

Decoded sentence: an asian man in a blue and blue and striped robe dancing in front of an asian musicians.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue asian robe dancing in front of asian musicians in blue.

Decoded sentence: an asian man and a blond woman holding hands outdoors and another in the background watches.
Answer sentence: asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.

Decoded sentence: an asian boy is resting his hand on her face beside the river.
Answer sentence: asian emo boy rests hands on hips beside a river.

Decoded sentence: an asian building behind a glass building behind of a few people with bright lights and.
Answer sentence: asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.

Decoded sentence: an asian child wearing a black and yellow knee and yellow knee plays over the has people.
Answer sentence: asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile.

Decoded sentence: a large black and white dog is playing with a smaller black dog and the other is looking.
Answer sentence: as the brown dog looks the other way, a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog.

Decoded sentence: while a public building waiting to a young group of young are waiting to be some of young.
Answer sentence: as others wait outside the public building for the doors to open, one young irish dancer practices her jig.

Decoded sentence: a army person being pulled in the rain.
Answer sentence: army person squatting in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man in a gray sweatshirt is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: another man in a gray sweatshirt also rides a horse.

Decoded sentence: the man and the child are women as she looks like a narrow tunnel.
Answer sentence: and eerie photo depicting a female from behind as she walks through what looks like a narrow and poorly lit concrete tunnel with a rounded ceiling.

Decoded sentence: a nice group of soccer men going on a between two men in red and black and one in red attempt.
Answer sentence: an very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.

Decoded sentence: the man is at a trampoline.
Answer sentence: an upside-down child above a trampoline.

Decoded sentence: a man with a looks look very looking in front of a parking is on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: an unshaven man with a serious look is standing in front of a parking meter on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a photographer and dog swim under a beautiful sky above the sand and white underneath the.
Answer sentence: an underwater photographer swims under the beautiful sea, yet above the white sand in the clear water with a large camera as she takes photo 's from underneath the water.

Decoded sentence: a surfer airborne over a wave.
Answer sentence: an surfer airborne over a wave.

Decoded sentence: an all woman wearing a red scarf and denim jacket and sunglasses is juggling orange and.
Answer sentence: an overweight woman wearing a red scarf, denim jacket, gloves and sunglasses is juggling three oranges outdoors with a house in the background.

Decoded sentence: an all white man wearing a gray and gray shorts and gray shorts standing in the foreground.
Answer sentence: an overweight white man wearing a gray tee-shirt and lighter gray shorts is standing in the foreground of a classroom while another white man wearing glasses sits in a chair looking at him.

Decoded sentence: an all man and a woman are reading a sitting outside listening from a book on a cloudy.
Answer sentence: an overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman and a man are waiting in a line behind a man with a white shirt and a.
Answer sentence: an overweight elderly woman is waiting in line behind a man with a shaved head with a gray shirt and black pants and there is a man looking through a newspaper on a stand that says echo in the background.

Decoded sentence: an oriental woman with his shoes is raising her is raising her in the air and is raising.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman with her fist raised in the air, other oriental people around her, and a black moped beside her.

Decoded sentence: an oriental woman holds a tray of fruits and as a colorful woman smiles for an to look.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman is handling a tray of fruit and smiling while surrounded by an array of similar trays of fruit in a colorful display.

Decoded sentence: an oriental man wearing a jacket along a woman with many green sandals.
Answer sentence: an oriental man was wearing a jacket with many pockets, along with his green sandals.

Decoded sentence: oriental looking oriental girl in pink pants sitting on a little stool eating out of a.
Answer sentence: an oriental looking girl in pink pants, sitting on a little stool, eating out of a takeout box.

Decoded sentence: an orchestra of his.
Answer sentence: an orchestra of about 30 people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs.

Decoded sentence: an orchestra has his throwing up and is playing with an individual of asian of asian descent.
Answer sentence: an orchestra made up of individuals of asian descent, with a man playing the cello forefront.

Decoded sentence: a is sitting in a gold hat and orange vest sits over a large brown piece of with a with.
Answer sentence: an operator in a gold hard hat and orange vest sits hunched over on a large piece of john deere equipment.

Decoded sentence: the open air market in a very open air and the air is running down the place.
Answer sentence: an open air market in a poor and run down place.

Decoded sentence: an older woman holding a yellow sign and black is a with a just surrounded by a crowded.
Answer sentence: an older, white woman stands along a crowded street wearing a swimsuit, holding a yellow sign with black letters that states, `` secure borders, legal immigration. ''

Decoded sentence: an older male construction workers wearing yellow vests climbing down from the roof of.
Answer sentence: an older, male construction worker wearing a yellow vest climbing down from the roof of a building onto scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: an older woman with a stroller wrapped around her face wrapped around her and an amusement.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a stroller and a red jacket wrapped around her waist looking at an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: an older woman with a nose ring and silver and scarf sits nearby.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a nose ring, silver necklace, and decorative scarf is quietly sitting.

Decoded sentence: an older woman with a green plaid cart and a green and woman is in the other with a woman.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a green plaid shopping cart removes money from her wallet to pay another woman for her green, leave-like goods.

Decoded sentence: an older woman smiles as an man talk as two women look on.
Answer sentence: an older woman smiles on as two pink-haired women talk.

Decoded sentence: an older woman sits next to a small girl wearing striped dress.
Answer sentence: an older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress.

Decoded sentence: an older woman shows a while a group and girl sits in a an children show.
Answer sentence: an older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background.

Decoded sentence: an older woman is being being held in a behind a field of large race that is running in.
Answer sentence: an older woman is featured in the fore ground of a large race that a number of people are running in.

Decoded sentence: an older woman in a black coat and white coat is conversing with an older man in a tan.
Answer sentence: an older woman in a black coat and a white knit beret converses with an older man in a tan scooter hat and a green coat on the sidewalk near storefronts.

Decoded sentence: an older woman dressed in a woman has her right hand of her african left hand and his left.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in the garments of an african tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.

Decoded sentence: an older woman dressed in pink with a black and black is sitting outside.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in pink with a black fanny pack is outside with some trees and an interesting architectural design next to her.

Decoded sentence: an older woman dressed in a bright yellow shirt and plaid skirt is sitting on the ground.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in an ill-fitting yellow shirt and blue plaid skirt is sitting on the ground next to two pails.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman is examining a their guitar in home.
Answer sentence: an older smiling gentleman is examining a rifle in his home.

Decoded sentence: an older person sits on a red bench next to a black man and a woman behind them 's.
Answer sentence: an older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a dirty white tank top eating something from his hand.
Answer sentence: an older man, with a dirty white tank top, eating something from his hands.

Decoded sentence: an older man working a station by a boat dock.
Answer sentence: an older man works his station by the boat dock.

Decoded sentence: an older man sitting in a chair playing a large hair and making a large instrument.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: an older man with gray hair and a white baseball hat is lined over and head and is on his.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair and a white baseball hat is hunched over and his head is on his knees.

Decoded sentence: an older man with glasses is raising her other is raising her.
Answer sentence: an older man with glasses raises his eyebrows in surprise.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a yellow blouse and he is reading him standing on a stage.
Answer sentence: an older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a white beard and blue beard is playing guitar and playing guitar to.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard, wearing a blue shirt and blue baseball cap, is playing guitar to a small black girl sitting on a red stool.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a white beard is standing in front of a tree on a large sailboat holding.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard stands in front of a mast on a large sailboat, while holding a rope.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a tan vest is standing in front of a and display with a man 's display.
Answer sentence: an older man with a tan vest and backpack is standing in front of a butcher 's display case, ordering something from a younger man in a ball cap standing behind the counter.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a striped striped belt wearing jeans and a red shirt and a navy hat taking.
Answer sentence: an older man with a mustache wearing blue jeans, a black belt, red short-sleeve shirt and a hat is looking at a book by a yong boy wearing a navy shirt and hat who is probably taking a picture or looking through binoculars.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a gray beard and a person is sleeping on the grass in front of an all.
Answer sentence: an older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a can stands next to a counter.
Answer sentence: an older man with a can is standing next to a counter.

Decoded sentence: an older man with a beard is using a hay and a hay in front of a parking lot of a who and.
Answer sentence: an older man with a beard uses a hay broom to sweep the ground in front of cubed cardboard trash in a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: an older man wearing a baby and a stroller and a stroller and he is walking in front of.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing shorts and t-shirt pushes a baby stroller as he walks in front of two women wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: an older man wearing glasses and a baseball cap and a baseball shirt is playing the jump.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing glasses, a baseball cap, a white shirt and a red vest plays a tuba outside a building.

Decoded sentence: an older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and black cap is standing on the street.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and a black cap is standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: an older man wearing a blue shirt is sitting.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a blue shirt is sitting.

Decoded sentence: an older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.

Decoded sentence: an older man in a white tank top and blue jeans holds down a concrete.
Answer sentence: an older man stands in a white tank top and blue jeans, holding something to smooth down concrete.

Decoded sentence: an older man sitting back and relaxing back on the patio outside many buildings.
Answer sentence: an older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.

Decoded sentence: an older man reading a book.
Answer sentence: an older man reading a book.

Decoded sentence: an older man poses near a wooden bowl on his display.
Answer sentence: an older man poses near wooden bowls on display.

Decoded sentence: an older man and they are looking at a woman in a yellow shirt in front of a stone wall.
Answer sentence: an older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall.

Decoded sentence: an older man is using his hand and is to his hand while using the other hand machine.
Answer sentence: an older man is carving wood using a machine and hand tools.

Decoded sentence: an older man in a red t-shirt and khaki shorts is waving an antique and is waving a other.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red t-shirt and khaki shorts is waving to the crowd at a parade while driving an antique ford vehicle.

Decoded sentence: an older man in a red sweatshirt is standing in front of a child sitting on a bench in.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red sweatshirt stands in front of a group of children sitting on benches in front of him.

Decoded sentence: an older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is in a group.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: an older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt and is holding up a small wooden.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt under it holding up a small wooden cabinet.

Decoded sentence: an older man is starting up the dirt on a sculpture.
Answer sentence: an older man finishes the last touch up on his sculpture.

Decoded sentence: an older man eating a.
Answer sentence: an older man eating a burrito.

Decoded sentence: an older man and woman on a young.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman exercise on treadmills.

Decoded sentence: an older man and woman hold a large statue in a white studio.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman are holding a large statue in a white studio.

Decoded sentence: an older man and a young girl looking fish at the pool and mall.
Answer sentence: an older man and a young girl are looking a fish in pool at a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: an older lady talking to a young students who are being on and uniforms.
Answer sentence: an older lady teacher talking to young students who are in uniform in front of the classroom building.

Decoded sentence: an older lady in a black shirt is pink child to the other on a bowl while a crowd is on.
Answer sentence: an older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a kitchenaid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: an older lady blowing a number `` has his number is on her to the woman and number is with.
Answer sentence: an older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake.

Decoded sentence: an older is crossing the street that seems to be a on a for an trying to his.
Answer sentence: an older individual crosses the street on what seems to be an overcast day, traffic approaches in the background.

Decoded sentence: an older guy looking at a woman and is sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: an older guy looking at a classic, rustic, volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: an older guy is playing chess with a young boy.
Answer sentence: an older guy is playing chess with a young boy.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman wearing a t-shirt and shorts is a man flips on a large rock grill.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, wearing a t-shirt and shorts, is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman dressed in jeans and a small long-sleeved shirt is in a small ball on.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, tosses a small red ball on the beach.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman with a beard wearing a dark beard is trying to sell something on a city.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman with a beard is wearing a dark jacket and trying to sell something on a city street.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman stands along the shore of a three in a in a his his water.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman sits in a dark room with a little light and white chair and chair at.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman is sitting in a dark room with little light at a white small table and chairs.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman in front of a window looking at some fresh meat.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman in front of the window of a deli looking at the fresh cooked meats.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman and a white are sitting in a large pose and eating a bowl from white.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman dressed completely in white is eating from a white bowl while sitting in a large overstuffed chair.

Decoded sentence: an older gentleman cleaning a bicycle.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman cleaning a bicycle rim.

Decoded sentence: an older boy is pointing out inside an younger boy who is a younger boy out in the background.
Answer sentence: an older boy is pointing out something to a younger boy inside and airport terminal with an airplane in the background

Decoded sentence: an older woman in glasses and a book reading a book in front of a laptop.
Answer sentence: an older bearded gentleman in glasses is reading a book in front of an open laptop, possibly in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: an older asian woman displaying the of a sale and sale.
Answer sentence: an older asian woman displaying bread for sale

Decoded sentence: an older asian man holding his bicycle and a green and green city sign while wearing an.
Answer sentence: an older asian man wears a black and green jacket and a new york city hat, holding a bicycle rental sign.

Decoded sentence: old man and man in man sitting at a table with glasses in front of him.
Answer sentence: an old, perhaps homeless, man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him.

Decoded sentence: an old woman with a gray hat sitting on the gravel in front of a large stone block and.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a gray hat sits on the gravel covered ground in front of large stone blocks knitting a sock.

Decoded sentence: there are many object on the platform and looking at their china.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cart, looking at china, there are many objects on display on the street.

Decoded sentence: an old woman with a cane is sitting on a red bench.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cane sits on a red bench.

Decoded sentence: an old woman wearing a yellow jacket and blue jeans is trying to her vegetables from a.
Answer sentence: an old woman wearing a yellow jacket and blue jeans trying to choose some vegetables from a street stand.

Decoded sentence: the old woman looks to her woman is traveling with a group of friends.
Answer sentence: an old woman looking excited with a present given to her by her friends.

Decoded sentence: an old woman in white is pulling up a while other people are walking up behind her.
Answer sentence: an old woman is sitting on a bench, while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by.

Decoded sentence: an old woman and two large men are hanging up with a woman and a large smiling in the foreground.
Answer sentence: an old woman gazes up with thought, with two smiling women and a large man in the back and foreground.

Decoded sentence: an old bearded man wearing all black black and white and a beautiful white is riding a.
Answer sentence: an old weathered, bearded man wearing all black, riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks.

Decoded sentence: an old man with gray hair wearing a black scarf and a black jacket.
Answer sentence: an old man with gray hair wearing a scarf and black jacket.

Decoded sentence: an old man with glasses filled with people filled with people filled red and blue tube.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses in a shop filled with people hands a red tube to another man with glasses.

Decoded sentence: an old man with glasses is hugging a young woman at a gathering of people.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people.

Decoded sentence: an old man with his arm who is pulling against a wooden wall and another man sits between.
Answer sentence: an old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man.

Decoded sentence: an old man with a other wearing a dress and a gun sitting down.
Answer sentence: an old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling.

Decoded sentence: an old man with a multicolored hat standing in front of a camera with a of a of a foreign.
Answer sentence: an old man with a multicolored hat standing is standing front of a earth toned mosaic sign, with foreign language in the tiles.

Decoded sentence: an old man wearing a gray sleeping in a small chair.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing gray sleeps in a small chair.

Decoded sentence: an old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants is standing on a sidewalk with a small woman.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants standing on a sidewalk with a small suitcase.

Decoded sentence: an old man walking through the street on a leash.
Answer sentence: an old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash.

Decoded sentence: an old man playing her hand and a toddler to his toddler is playing with a.
Answer sentence: an old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper, while a toddler plays with the scraps.

Decoded sentence: an old man tied for a net and fishing.
Answer sentence: an old man tying a net for fishing.

Decoded sentence: an old man smiling at the camera in front of a rocky patch of some land.
Answer sentence: an old man smiling at the camera in front of a rocky, barren patch of land.

Decoded sentence: an old man sitting.
Answer sentence: an old man sits.

Decoded sentence: an old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded road with the sun and is wearing a both who.
Answer sentence: an old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.

Decoded sentence: an old man is knitting and knitting.
Answer sentence: an old man named jim is knitting.

Decoded sentence: an old man is hugging another woman in a red striped top on a couch.
Answer sentence: an old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch.

Decoded sentence: an old man holding a street while standing on a wooden bridge wearing a just shorts and.
Answer sentence: an old man holds the wrists of a little boy wearing spiderman bathing shorts while standing on a wooden bridge.

Decoded sentence: an old man dressed in a of clothing is holding an umbrella while standing on a hill.
Answer sentence: an old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill.

Decoded sentence: an old lady standing behind two men in a play the other wearing sunglasses and a newspaper.
Answer sentence: an old lady standing behind two men in a checkout line and a man wearing sunglasses in the background reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: an old and an old.
Answer sentence: an old grandma is looking at a woman who is holding a large white tub of food in a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: an old bearded man is his on the wooden woman with an outdoor wooden woman in the background.
Answer sentence: an old bearded man is tilling the soil with a simple wooden plow, with a wooden fence and an old barn in the background.

Decoded sentence: an old bald man sits in a chair in front of a sign with a sign on the side of the road.
Answer sentence: an old bald man is sitting in a folding chair in front of a sign on the side of the road, in front of a brick building with a window that has the sign `` batiment inhabitable. ''

Decoded sentence: an old asian woman sits in front of a subway train while a woman walks by her.
Answer sentence: an old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.

Decoded sentence: an all dressed man wearing plaid skirt and black boots is in the middle of a crowded area.
Answer sentence: an oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: a looks and older man sitting on a having which is making something to the items look to.
Answer sentence: an native-looking older man is sitting and working on making an item that looks to be similar to his hat or bag which is beside him.

Decoded sentence: a man in a khaki shorts and a white t-shirt is lifting his lap onto the lap of her.
Answer sentence: an man in khaki shorts and a white t-shirt is lifting a toddler onto the lap of a jelly belly.

Decoded sentence: a male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.
Answer sentence: an male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.

Decoded sentence: a male and his crowd wearing a pink and clothing 's and blue top and the other crowd are.
Answer sentence: an male entertainer is wearing women 's clothing that consists of a pink tank top, skirt, knee high socks, and a hairnet, performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches.

Decoded sentence: an at an in a where wearing blue and blue for a middle-aged woman playing a piece of a.
Answer sentence: an intricate gold design is the backdrop to a middle-aged woman in a blue outfit playing a long, brass instrument with a sliding piece as she stands by a another middle-aged woman in a blue outfit who is playing a long, wooden flute-like instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man with a low his his her t-shirt is orange door and is while a table and is an looks.
Answer sentence: an intimate setting with low lighting, draped doors and tables with small groups of men and women smiling and drinking.

Decoded sentence: an inflatable rock climbs by a person climbs and by wearing a white helmet.
Answer sentence: an inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.

Decoded sentence: an infant is laying on a bed with it 's mouth open.
Answer sentence: an infant lays on a bed with it 's mouth open.

Decoded sentence: several individuals in blue pants stand on a ladder as two others look in their hands as.
Answer sentence: an individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder.

Decoded sentence: the individuals dressed in red are checking the top of a woman who is being short with.
Answer sentence: an individual dressed in a blue top and red `` spongebob '' shorts with a handful of papers looks surprised while being photographed.

Decoded sentence: an all woman among friends among.
Answer sentence: an impromptu toast among friends.

Decoded sentence: an event is being taking a large stand to the people and the other is taking place outside.
Answer sentence: an event in which stands have been erected and large group of people are attracted takes place outside.

Decoded sentence: a evening people sitting in front of a banner from new york and york.
Answer sentence: an evening people sitting in front of a banner stating, from new york.

Decoded sentence: a on a on the floor of a large round wearing a purple apron wearing a purple and some silver.
Answer sentence: an ethnic woman wearing a purple apron is sitting on the floor shaping round, flat food items while others cook over a fire on a large round, flat pan.

Decoded sentence: a.
Answer sentence: an entertainer stand on one leg, holding up a dog as two goats stand on pedestals in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman and woman are handing bags and she is being red and is being red and is in a photo.
Answer sentence: an employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman is leaning against a wall and holding a plastic and glasses and is leaning.
Answer sentence: an elderly women is sitting and leaning against a wall, holding a photo and a plastic glass.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman buying a man at a store.
Answer sentence: an elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman with a cane is sitting in a large chair next to a riding in a his log.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman with a cane sits in a large wooden chair next to a weaving loom, in a log cabin.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman wearing a black coat and green scarf looks at her watches as another man.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a black coat and a green scarf, looks at her watch as a man is looking at her with his mouth open.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is participating in a is a red and holding a man.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman and woman are trying to go at a clothing in a mirror with a all on the.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique, with a sales assistant to her right.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman is an elderly woman in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman stirs a pot in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman sits on a sidewalk against a dirty wall with one leg crossing and hand.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits on the sidewalk against a dirty wall with her legs crossed and her hands in her lap.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman smiling and smiling at a pretty flower book with a book in the room.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits in a chair with a book and smiles at the pretty flowers in her room.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman is serving of bread to a man dressed in blue t-shirt and light brown.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman serving bread to a man and a woman dressed in blue t-shirts and light brown pants

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman is pushing a stroller.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman pushing a stroller

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman and an elderly man are in the background.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks upset, and an elderly man is in the background.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman looks on while others look on the fruit for the fruit.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman in a black dress holds an umbrella over a small boy in a red jacket with.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman in a black dress holds a black umbrella over a small boy in a red jacket and brown pants on a pier with a boat in the background.

Decoded sentence: an elderly woman giving her child to her daughter.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman giving her daughter a hug.

Decoded sentence: the elderly person is standing in the street during the winter with the of which are in.
Answer sentence: an elderly person stands in the street during winter with evergreen tree branches in one hand and a cane in the other.

Decoded sentence: the elderly person is sitting alone on the steps of some of the of the of the in the area.
Answer sentence: an elderly person sits alone on the steps of some of an area in ruins.

Decoded sentence: a elderly person sitting outside wearing a an man and brown and brown jacket.
Answer sentence: an elderly person is wearing a clue cap and brown jacket while sitting outside in front of a cutting board.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man with her hands is place by some kind of barrel in a truck.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man with his playing his wearing glasses stands in a living room holding a that.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with facial hair and glasses, standing in his living room holding a hutch cabinet with glass doors.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man with a long gray beard plays a while sitting on the ground.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man wearing a hat and jacket and a brick path is of a brick tree together.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man wearing a dark suit and a man is wearing a hat and is being has around a.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a dark suit, a hat, and clogs winds twine around a wooden implement.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man is taking a dog for a walk near the water.
Answer sentence: an elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man standing on a ladder and other is standing on a ladder.
Answer sentence: an elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.
Answer sentence: an elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man reading a newspaper next to a group covered in a group covered in graffiti.
Answer sentence: an elderly man reads a newspaper next to some garbage cans and a wall covered in graffiti.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man opening a wine while standing behind a bar and bottles.
Answer sentence: an elderly man opens a wine bottle while standing behind a bar.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man being kayaking in a body of water with a and a on a and white boat corner.
Answer sentence: an elderly man kayaking in a body of water with a cute bird on the corner of his little boat.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man is cooking a cooking together.
Answer sentence: an elderly man is cooking hotdogs outside.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man in a red jacket who is red face from the sun.
Answer sentence: an elderly man in a red jacket shielding his face from the sun.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man driving a woman to a.
Answer sentence: an elderly man drives a unique firetruck.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man and woman are walking past a is past a is on a.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and women walk together past a jewelery store on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man and woman observing a wooden woman with a tube.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and woman observe a wooden contraption with a tube.

Decoded sentence: the elderly gentleman takes away from a while taking his time to eat.
Answer sentence: an elderly gentleman takes time away from his tasks to eat.

Decoded sentence: an elderly asian woman with a cane walking in front of a flowered and white flowered an.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman with a cane walking in front of several yellow and white flowered reefs.

Decoded sentence: an elderly asian woman wearing a red and sunglasses and a yellow scarf and wearing a plaid.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman is wearing a beret, sunglasses, a yellow scarf, and a plaid jacket.

Decoded sentence: an elderly man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an outdoor stand.
Answer sentence: an elderly african-american man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand.

Decoded sentence: an all man wearing an walking and playing the while playing his guitar and is singing outdoors.
Answer sentence: an elder man, wearing celebratory attire, plays a percussion instrument and is singing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a group in white helmets and yellow vests sitting on a yellow motorcycle.
Answer sentence: an authority-figure in a white helmet, wearing a yellow vest, and sitting on a yellow motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: an asian girl in a and white is raising her hand and an asian woman with an asian looking.
Answer sentence: an audience of mainly white girls in and a prominently displayed asian male cheer with raised hands.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking on the street in a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: an attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the cigarette in his hand is leaning over a lot of women shows over her.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl with a cigarette in one hand leaning over and showing lots of cleavage.

Decoded sentence: the woman is selling things to the boy.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl sells things to boys.

Decoded sentence: the young woman and young an pose and a bright green man in bright shoes is in a his his.
Answer sentence: an athletic, young woman clad in a green leotard and bright green nike shoes is in a footrace as the 43rd entrant.

Decoded sentence: the athletic woman wearing blue shorts and blue shorts is standing between a white line.
Answer sentence: an athletic woman wearing blue and red shorts stands between the white lines on the rust-colored court and attempts to throw the javelin, while cameramen stand by.

Decoded sentence: the is blue water to someone is being to the flower flower.
Answer sentence: an aspirin added to the water would preserve the flowers.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman standing outside of a yellow building.
Answer sentence: an asian women standing outside of a yellow building.

Decoded sentence: a asian asian player and player watching are waiting for their opponent to serve for the.
Answer sentence: an asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball.

Decoded sentence: an asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on a subway or subway of a public some.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway or some other sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: an asian man wearing a black suit is standing near a dark-haired woman and a man and a.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a black suit stands near a dark-haired woman and a brown-haired woman.

Decoded sentence: an asian man with a sitting down two adults with two other men sitting with a bike while.
Answer sentence: an asian man walks down a gray-tiled walkway with his two daughters by a man sitting with his bike.

Decoded sentence: an asian man in a his white dress holds flowers on her wooden and a woman in a white dress.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a tuxedo is hugging a woman in a white dress while holding flowers, on wooden planks.

Decoded sentence: an asian man in a suit on a subway and asleep.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.

Decoded sentence: an asian man giving a speech.
Answer sentence: an asian man giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: an asian girl holding flowers under a.
Answer sentence: an asian girl holding flowers under korean symbols.

Decoded sentence: an asian child with a yellow bow in his hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind.
Answer sentence: an asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her.

Decoded sentence: an asian child in a baseball cap and is crying he is holding him.
Answer sentence: an asian child in a baseball cap crying while he is being held

Decoded sentence: a artist drawing his jump to a young boy and boy.
Answer sentence: an artists is drawing a comical sketch of a young boy.

Decoded sentence: a artist wearing a red and black sweater painting on the side of a brick building.
Answer sentence: an artist wearing a red and black sweater painting a mural on the side of a brick building.

Decoded sentence: a artist working on a car and looking very young looking on the as the is is being be people.
Answer sentence: an artist is working on his very contemporary looking piece of art, and is focusing very intensely on the work at hand.

Decoded sentence: the area in the with people appear to be crowded like tourists.
Answer sentence: an area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded, with many people of whom look like tourists.

Decoded sentence: a group of people and one person is showing walking and are showing the person on the face.
Answer sentence: an apparent political event is shown with a crowd closeup, focusing on a middle-aged man in a purple shirt, with a person hoisting a platter of canapes to his right and a ' hillary ' campaign sign to his rear left.

Decoded sentence: animals running through the sand at the beach.
Answer sentence: an animal running through the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a yellow an yellow looking shirt in a green shirt is sitting in a chair and another man.
Answer sentence: an angry looking woman is sitting in a chair while a man in a green shirt stands beside her.

Decoded sentence: a an an an an their horse seems to be trying to be trying off to the male rider in a tan.
Answer sentence: an angry brown horse seems to be trying to buck off the male rider in tan jeans and blue shirt and black hat, while a photographer shoots a picture.

Decoded sentence: an an at an all couple in front of an old building with a of old are in the background.
Answer sentence: an amorous couple with water in front of them, an old building with ornate pillars in the background.

Decoded sentence: the while one is a group of large to are setting into a large telescope setting next to.
Answer sentence: an amateur astronomer looks into the eyepiece of a large telescope set up in a field next to its carrying case, while another one overviews the telescope itself.

Decoded sentence: a african african child wearing a red and blue plaid shirt and blue shorts sleeping on.
Answer sentence: an african child wearing a red and blue plaid shirt and blue shorts sleeping on a woven rope hammock.

Decoded sentence: a african american man is playing an electric guitar.
Answer sentence: an african american man is playing a red electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: a african american man in a.
Answer sentence: an african american man in an oversized white graphic t-shirt prepares to cut a tropical fruit on a beach.

Decoded sentence: an all is a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach.
Answer sentence: an aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach.

Decoded sentence: an all view of the women who is on top of two women and a younger woman eating at a public.
Answer sentence: an aerial view is on the top of two women, one older, one younger, who seem to be making something to eat at a public showcase.

Decoded sentence: a adult woman and a young male and a young male walking along a pier holding it 's being.
Answer sentence: an adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it 's raining.

Decoded sentence: the adults in brightly brightly colored clothing are spinning or other sitting or sitting.
Answer sentence: an adult in brightly colored clothing and hat, is weaving or beading while sitting on brightly colored rugs.

Decoded sentence: the adult female adults and child are in a canoe with one kids a boat that is rowing.
Answer sentence: an adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat.

Decoded sentence: adults dressed in black are holding sticks.
Answer sentence: an adult dressed in black holds a stick.

Decoded sentence: adults wearing yellow shirts and a child wearing yellow shirts are both putting on a piece.
Answer sentence: an adult and a kid are both wearing yellow shirts and the child is putting glue on a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: adults looking at a black and white young black and white cage in a cage while a child.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.

Decoded sentence: adults and child walk along the beach during the day.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.

Decoded sentence: adults and children sitting on a police motorcycle.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: the shot shot of a volleyball player to the ball.
Answer sentence: an action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball.

Decoded sentence: an orange player wearing a heavy jacket and a woman and a yellow stand standing by a yellow.
Answer sentence: an accordion player wearing a heavy jacket, scarf and beanie standing by a yellow telephone pole.

Decoded sentence: an orange player is woman is woman in a both with a both hand on a city street as an as.
Answer sentence: an accordion player accompanies a man and woman who are dancing a tango on a city street as several passersby watch.

Decoded sentence: a very woman in a couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: an a unhappy couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a indian woman in traditional cooking vegetables on a stove.
Answer sentence: an indian woman in traditional clothing cooks vegetables on her stove.

Decoded sentence: an indian man and man are red and other back of their heads.
Answer sentence: an indian man is scratching the back of his head while thinking.

Decoded sentence: a grill wearing a jump grill is grilling off an elderly man who is a elderly covered off.
Answer sentence: an elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman with a colorful blond-hair seated seated in her computer as someone looks.
Answer sentence: an asian woman with reddish blond-hair seated at a computer being helped by what looks like a librarian.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman wearing an asian dress sitting among a cloth with a basket on her lap and.
Answer sentence: an asian woman wearing a asian dress sitting among a group of cloths, with a woven basket on her lap.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.
Answer sentence: an asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman standing in an urban area listening to music.
Answer sentence: an asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman selling her man and is selling her while the other is selling something.
Answer sentence: an asian woman selling silk scarfs, bags, and wallets.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman selling her fabric.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is selling colorful fabrics.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman is posing with a red umbrella in a marketplace in china.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is posing with a red umbrella in a marketplace in china.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman in a each and woman waiting for the fans in the picture in the city and.
Answer sentence: an asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city.

Decoded sentence: an asian woman ( asian other men ( asian ) playing cards in a hallway of train.
Answer sentence: an asian woman and two men ( one asian and one white ) are playing cards in the hallway of a train.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman and child looking at some food and display in a display.
Answer sentence: an asian man, woman and child looking at food products in a display.

Decoded sentence: an asian man wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and jean pants and is working with an old.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and patterned pants is working with an old looking machine.

Decoded sentence: an asian man reading a book to take a their as a looks and something.
Answer sentence: an asian man reading book and taking notes.

Decoded sentence: a asian man in an asian conversation while a person with a person with a conversation.
Answer sentence: an asian man points while in conversation with another person.

Decoded sentence: an asian man cutting meat on a cutting his cutting board in the kitchen while he wearing.
Answer sentence: an asian man is cutting some meat on a cutting board in a kitchen and he is wearing a long blue t-shirt.

Decoded sentence: an asian girl wearing a white field and a white and a green plays ballet on the.
Answer sentence: an asian girl wearing a white leotard and white stockings stands on her tiptoes as she dances ballet.

Decoded sentence: the people wearing shirts are facing face and making faces.
Answer sentence: an asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says `` radio ''

Decoded sentence: a asian girl in an orange color outfit with a bag and beautiful color are giving a beautiful.
Answer sentence: an asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.

Decoded sentence: an asian chefs putting a container and putting a container of he into the on the other.
Answer sentence: an asian chef is working in the kitchen, and is smiling after putting the food he has made in a wok into a `` to-go '' container.

Decoded sentence: an asian bride and a red dress in red are are posing in a grassy field of some type of.
Answer sentence: an asian bride in a red silk dress clutching a bouquet of red roses and an asian groom in a blue silk robe are posing in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: an asian boy being steps on a stone next to a brick building.
Answer sentence: an asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.

Decoded sentence: an asian band shows on and a small man in a blue and blue and colorful child is showing.
Answer sentence: an asian band, whose guitarist is shown near the right and those drummer is shown on the left, plays in a venue lit with blue rope lightning and a reddish cattle skull wall fixture.

Decoded sentence: a an arts woman in purple is attached to a horse.
Answer sentence: an amish woman in purple is attached a buggy to a horse.

Decoded sentence: the an students are.
Answer sentence: an aikido student striking an attack in a demonstration to other students who stand patiently on the side of the mat.

Decoded sentence: an african-american man in a black sweatshirt and tan pants is outside in the background.
Answer sentence: an african-american man in a black sweatshirt and tan pants is sitting outside with drumsticks and buckets.

Decoded sentence: a african-american female sitting outside of a village in a foreign country as she is on.
Answer sentence: an african-american female sits outside of a village side in a foreign country as she works on sewing on some unknown material as she sets on another material on top of the dirt.

Decoded sentence: a african woman with a gray and a lot of necklace on his head is with his head.
Answer sentence: an african woman with piercings, lots of necklaces and corn on her head.

Decoded sentence: a african woman making a pot.
Answer sentence: an african woman makes pots.

Decoded sentence: a african african woman into the camera while two of two women are men to the two outside.
Answer sentence: an african native gazes into the camera donning a hat of two corn cobs and necklaces of shells and beads.

Decoded sentence: a african man is working with a wooden machine.
Answer sentence: an african man is working with a wooden machine.

Decoded sentence: a african individuals looking into the camera while a dress is using a just rock to both.
Answer sentence: an african individual is looking into the camera while dressed in varying beads and decorations that have a cultural relevance.

Decoded sentence: a african child and four children on the front of a boat and blue and white.
Answer sentence: an african child attempts a headstand on the front of a boat painted blue and white in water next to a field of crops.

Decoded sentence: a african american woman looking at a poster.
Answer sentence: an african american woman looking at a poster.

Decoded sentence: a african american woman sits in a white chair and a african american woman is.
Answer sentence: an african american woman braiding another african american woman 's hair, while sitting in a white chair.

Decoded sentence: a african american man wearing a sweatshirt and walks in the city.
Answer sentence: an african american man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.

Decoded sentence: a african american man with a black hat and black top is playing the drums on a bucket.
Answer sentence: an african american man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums on some buckets for donations.

Decoded sentence: an african american man is speaking to a microphone and a microphone.
Answer sentence: an african american man speaks intensely into the microphone.

Decoded sentence: a african american male is riding a green bike and a person doing an on an skateboard in.
Answer sentence: an african american male rides a green bike while another person does an ollie on a skateboard in the background.

Decoded sentence: a african american african and brown skirt in a red top is crossing the street while a.
Answer sentence: an african american in a red top and white and brown skirt crosses a street while a man in a blue shirt runs on it.

Decoded sentence: a african american girl to her woman to a family that she is being jumping from the other.
Answer sentence: an african american girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states.

Decoded sentence: a african american family picking vegetables from a garden while a mom holds a baby.
Answer sentence: an african american family picking vegetables from the garden, while mom holds the baby and supervises.

Decoded sentence: a african american child riding a bicycle is women riding his bicycle.
Answer sentence: an african american child is supported by his three peers while riding his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a an man and a two girls standing behind two small american children.
Answer sentence: an afican american woman standing behind two small african american children.

Decoded sentence: an all rider and speed are being there is being there is kicking up and being there kicking.
Answer sentence: an atv rider, speeds around a corner, while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead.

Decoded sentence: woman holding a walking and dancing near a man in a tan jacket on the street.
Answer sentence: among a crowd on a street, a woman holding a coconut drink dances near a man in a tan jacket.

Decoded sentence: a american soldiers are playing in a marching band with have a throwing a ball and looking.
Answer sentence: american soldiers play in a marching band with drums labeled fort lewis, washington.

Decoded sentence: the an all chefs wearing white cooking aprons and about to are women with a male knife.
Answer sentence: amateur chef wearing a white cooking apron is about to chop a chicken with a butcher knife.

Decoded sentence: red brick building and two men in summer clothes are doing the summer window.
Answer sentence: along side a red brick building, two men in summer clothes are on a scaffold doing a window or door repair.

Decoded sentence: someone sits on a subway is eating something and people all for the other men checking.
Answer sentence: all the people sitting on the subway are reading, except for one man who is checking his phone.

Decoded sentence: an all big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit and is sitting on a black and a white in a long.
Answer sentence: aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who 's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red motorcycle that crash

Decoded sentence: a baby that is after playing with a guitar and his toy seems to be a large toy with his.
Answer sentence: after playing with her other toys, the baby decides that the guitar seems fun to play with as well.

Decoded sentence: young man dressed in blue t-shirt and black shorts and black shorts getting after catch.
Answer sentence: after being thrown in the air a young man dressed in a blue t-shirt and black shorts is getting ready to be caught by other young men in the same type of t-shirt and black shorts in a gym with softball championship banners hanging high in the background.

Decoded sentence: a african american child playing in the street in front of a yellow car.
Answer sentence: african american children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.

Decoded sentence: the adult child is gathered by the gather outdoors being socializing.
Answer sentence: adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing

Decoded sentence: the man in the tan and white hat and black pants with the red shirt and white pants is.
Answer sentence: adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: someone is green tie is young of the.
Answer sentence: adjusting a tie for accuracy.

Decoded sentence: the man in the costume is in a play in black and white and a man with black hair sitting.
Answer sentence: actors in costumes rehearsing for a play, while a man with black hair and a white shirt sits on a stairway.

Decoded sentence: a woman across the bank of his on a another woman enjoying a while a woman enjoys her with.
Answer sentence: across from the bank of oklahoma, a woman enjoys the scent of her tea.

Decoded sentence: a dog and dark man about to raises `` hands of the one hand in his air and raises his hand.
Answer sentence: about 20 dark complected men standing with their backs towards us raising both hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: a while a green and green woman celebrating a sport in the end of a end zone.
Answer sentence: aaron rodgers and another green bay packers teammate are celebrating a touchdown in an end zone.

Decoded sentence: the.
Answer sentence: a zebra is nibbling on some grass.

Decoded sentence: a youth looking at a woman and a long man wearing a denim jacket and jeans and jeans and.
Answer sentence: a youth with long dirty blond-hair wearing a denim jacket and jeans looks at the conveyor belt of groceries while waiting at a checkout line.

Decoded sentence: a youth stand in a crowded dirt fence with a black shirt on his mouth and his mouth is.
Answer sentence: a youth standing nest to a metal fence with a black shirt on and a cigarette in their mouth.

Decoded sentence: a younger woman and an older man running on a young is sitting next to each other.
Answer sentence: a younger woman and older man are running on treadmills next to each other.

Decoded sentence: a younger man with two are holding a empty bottle and two are having a bottle.
Answer sentence: a younger man with a fedora has two empty bottles held up to his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a younger looking man stands behind a counter of a group of people selling her wearing.
Answer sentence: a younger looking man stands behind the counter of an israeli shop that sells cigarettes and cashews.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired girl on the beach is jumping in the air.
Answer sentence: a young, long-haired, girl on the beach, is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a hat and boy holding a professional camera.
Answer sentence: a young, backwards hat wearing, boy holding a professional camera.

Decoded sentence: young japanese woman wearing a woman walks outside near a large palm tree.
Answer sentence: a young, hispanic woman wearing a sundress is walking outside near a large fountain and palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young woman dressed in dark blue dancing costumes participate in a play competition.
Answer sentence: a young women, dressed in a dark blue dance costume is participating in a cheer competition.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a black coat and sitting with books in the lap reading and reading.
Answer sentence: a young woman, wearing a black coat and sitting with a book in her lap, is reading a map, in a laundry mat.

Decoded sentence: young woman dressed as a red bandanna barefoot is dancing on the sidewalk while barefoot.
Answer sentence: a young woman, scantily dressed and wearing a red bandanna, is dancing barefoot on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young woman with short blond-hair and striped an striped long-sleeved and striped sweater.
Answer sentence: a young woman with short blond-hair wearing jeans and a striped long-sleeved sweater jumping in midair on a skateboard with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: young woman with red her walking in a standing with her hair is being and woman in a woman.
Answer sentence: a young woman with red highlights in her hair is applying eyeshadow with a q-tip in front of a mirror.

Decoded sentence: young woman with a with a group and a young man wearing a with a light purple shirt and.
Answer sentence: a young woman with purple dreads hula-hoops while wearing furry purple leg-warmers and hot blue nikes.

Decoded sentence: young woman with dark hair is putting and glasses and a white is putting on his cake.
Answer sentence: a young woman with dark hair and wearing glasses is putting white powder on a cake using a sifter.

Decoded sentence: young woman with blue jeans and black tank top walks down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blue jeans and a black tank top is walking down the sidewalk screaming and clutching her chest.

Decoded sentence: young woman with blond-hair and blue jean shorts wearing a blue shirt and jean shorts for.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blond-hair, wearing a short-sleeve gray shirt and blue jean shorts, prepares food for a barbecue.

Decoded sentence: young woman with her looks head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.

Decoded sentence: young woman with a ponytail climbing a white stone structure.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure.

Decoded sentence: young woman is climbing a bikini rock climbing near a creek.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing sunglasses and a necklace from a bottle and wearing a necklace from.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and several necklaces drinks from a bottle of water in an outdoor setting.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a sheet and a little girl in.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a white sheet while a little girl in pigtails writes on it with a marker.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a white dress with blue lap and her hair has dry other hair.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a white dress with a blue towel in her lap is having her hair dried by another woman used a hair dryer.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing short orange tank top and short pink shoes with pink shoes on a large.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a short, orange tank top, short blue bottoms and pink athletic shoes with a large name tag on her front that says `` sarah '' is running down a street past spectators and two portable toilets.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a red shirt and a other a colorful skirt standing in the doorway of.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a red shirt and reddish pink skirt standing in the doorway of an old blue concrete building.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing gray and gray and working on her while working an outside.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a gray shawl is sitting outside working on creating textile.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing colorful shorts and a plaid shirt and holding a knife of leaves in.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a colorful headscarf, plaid shirt and skirt stands barefoot in front of a plantation, holding a sample of leaves in her hand.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a blue coat and brown knee and walking into a building while ready.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue coat and brown leggings getting ready to walk into a building, after riding her bicycle.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a blue apron over a white shirt is holding a microphone in his right.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue button shirt over a white shirt holds a microphone in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a black tank top standing in a crowd while an has an for all on the.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black tank top is listening to music on her mp3 player while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone from.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool

Decoded sentence: young woman walking by a rolling door.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking by a rolling door.

Decoded sentence: young woman walking along in front of a fenced area in front of area.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: young woman and an older man looking into an indoor gun.
Answer sentence: a young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range, as an older man looks on mirthlessly.

Decoded sentence: young woman seated in a looking left is blowing the other while the other is blowing in.
Answer sentence: a young woman seated in a freshly mown hayfield is blowing seeds from a bunch of dandelions.

Decoded sentence: young woman plays on a swing set on a tree to one background.
Answer sentence: a young woman plays on a swing set while trees sway in the background.

Decoded sentence: young woman on light in light colored bikini kicking a man wearing a straw hat.
Answer sentence: a young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat.

Decoded sentence: young woman midair ready for a an pose while an gather tennis one for her child in her.
Answer sentence: a young woman midair gets ready for an intense tennis match, her partner walks behind her.

Decoded sentence: young woman and a young boy in flowered an flowered apron wearing a flowered apron.
Answer sentence: a young woman is stirring something in a pot while a young boy wearing a flowered apron stands by her.

Decoded sentence: young woman sitting on an outdoor steps in front of a toddler playing an accordion.
Answer sentence: a young woman is sitting on outdoor steps while playing a white accordion in front of a toddler.

Decoded sentence: young woman playing pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: young woman dressed in wearing a with a lot of pink and pink has to be drinking a beer.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drinking a beer while dressing in a pageant costume which includes lots of pink feathers and beads.

Decoded sentence: young woman drawing with a an man and a an man.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drawing with a sharpie marker.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a `` clothing '' and a hallway with a small red and.
Answer sentence: a young woman in relaxed clothing vacuuming hallway with small vacuum.

Decoded sentence: young woman in black stands in front of wall with writing and writing in hand and writing.
Answer sentence: a young woman in black is standing in front of a wall with writing, she is holding something in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: young woman in yellow bathing suit laying on a surfboard observing and surfing his surfing.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a yellow bathing suit laying on a surfboard observes a surfing lesson.

Decoded sentence: young woman in white shirt and a young woman talking to her group of people.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and glasses talks to a group of people.

Decoded sentence: young woman in white shirt and black pants is holding a hat and is holding a hat and is.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and black pants holding a top hat entertaining some people sitting at a table

Decoded sentence: young woman in white dress and sandals sits on the steps with a large red and red and on.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white dress and sandals sits on the steps with a large red handbag beside her.

Decoded sentence: a group volleyball in the one young woman in a green and white bikini is attempting to.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a turquoise, green and white bikini is attempting to hit a volleyball as several onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: young woman in tank top and sunglasses is sitting on the ground and playing a guitar while.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a tank top, shorts, and sunglasses is playing a guitar will seated on the ground.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a red and red and black costume stands on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a green dress and a pink and pink and pink and a pink one is holding a girl.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a green dress, a feathered necklace and a pink feathered hat holding an orange vase

Decoded sentence: young woman in dress poses on a golden one chair.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a dress is posing on a golden chair.

Decoded sentence: young woman in blue uniform is taking a girl on three older women and woman look on.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a blue uniform takes digital photographs while three older woman look on.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a black blouse and blue jeans is standing around a young woman in the first.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a black blouse, blue jeans, and sandals is standing behind another young woman who is seated with a red poncho draped around her as the first young lady cuts her hair.

Decoded sentence: young woman in bikini holding a bottle and a man kicking around her and hat kicking.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a bikini holding a bottle is goofing around and kicking a man in a straw hat.

Decoded sentence: young woman getting some other in a air.
Answer sentence: a young woman getting her haircut.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing traditional woman and traditional wearing three women and a woman spinning.
Answer sentence: a young woman and older woman wear traditional saris as they spin textiles, three people are pictured at only the waists, and wear modern clothes.

Decoded sentence: young white man climbs a mountain with a rope as a looks their stand.
Answer sentence: a young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide.

Decoded sentence: young white boy with orange shirt and white hat and white hat sitting next to a black and.
Answer sentence: a young white boy with an orange shirt and white and black hat sitting next to a black steel ball in a large field.

Decoded sentence: young toddler sitting in a his his toy the other with a yellow block and the other blocks.
Answer sentence: a young toddler is playing with a dinosaur toy and a yellow block while sitting in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: young teen teen performing a skateboard trick at a construction site caught in midair that.
Answer sentence: a young teen performing a skateboard trick at a construction site caught in midair flipping his board.

Decoded sentence: young students are outside at a her teacher while a woman behind them is while the other.
Answer sentence: a young student receives fencing instruction from his kneeling teacher while a potential opponent and a woman gaze behind them.

Decoded sentence: young shirtless boys are laying on a couch with their eyes closed and their hands closed.
Answer sentence: a young shirtless boy is laying on a couch with his eyes closed and his hand on his chest.

Decoded sentence: young polo player wearing an orange jersey riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a young polo player wearing an orange jersey riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: young person wearing a pink and pink and the other goggles about to be a swimming and leaps.
Answer sentence: a young person wearing a pink one-piece swimsuit and goggles about to complete a leap into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: young person in black pants using a mobile guitar and while while two brown are using a.
Answer sentence: a young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young person in gray t-shirt standing beside a woman in a gray and hand and is handing.
Answer sentence: a young person in a gray t-shirt stands beside an older woman handing out a slice of watermelon.

Decoded sentence: a city street being together from a balcony and balcony.
Answer sentence: a young overlooks a city street from a balcony.

Decoded sentence: young oriental young oriental sitting amongst their one is.
Answer sentence: a young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings.

Decoded sentence: young musicians sitting in white plastic chairs playing a small guitar.
Answer sentence: a young musician playing a small guitar and singing, while sitting in a white plastic chair.

Decoded sentence: young mother and baby walk along street.
Answer sentence: a young mother and her baby walk along a street.

Decoded sentence: young man with no for in a line up and behind a pool of his game with a pool.
Answer sentence: a young man, with billowy red-hair, lines up his shot of the 9 ball on a pool table.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a red baseball cap and cap hanging ahead with a smiling pen hanging from.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a red baseball cap backwards with a pen hanging from it, looks ahead with a candid expression.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a gray jacket and putting her face is in a museum with its mouth off.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a gray jacket, is in a museum looking at a statue of a lizard and putting his face with his tongue stuck out into the lizard 's mouth.

Decoded sentence: young man with no shirt on wearing black pants and blue sneakers jumping over a blue skateboard.
Answer sentence: a young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard.

Decoded sentence: young man with his.
Answer sentence: a young man with a v-neck considers a water jug while standing next to a black motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: young man with wearing a.
Answer sentence: a young man with a script tattoo on his right forearm smokes a cigarette and holds a rolling pin while standing in a dirty, compact kitchen.

Decoded sentence: young man with a leather jacket walking by a man who seems like no and no shopping with.
Answer sentence: a young man with a leather jacket walking by a man who seems like having trouble with his poorly constructed shopping cart.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a group of hands walks along the sidewalk amidst people and other people.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing minimal clothing walks along the sidewalk amidst children and other people.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a white shirt and a boy playing the guitar with a guitar while on the.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white shirt is on a stage with a drummer, and the boy is playing an electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a green t-shirt and backpack waiting with people for the transportation.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a green t-shirt and a backpack is waiting with some other people for transportation.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a baseball cap at the base of a statue of a statue and some day.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a baseball cap brushes at the base of a statue of jesus christ, during the day.

Decoded sentence: young man traveling on a bus with flowers in their hands in hand.
Answer sentence: a young man traveling on bus with a piece of flower in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young man taking a picture of a young man outdoors.
Answer sentence: a young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors.

Decoded sentence: young man stands on sidewalk between his newspaper with newspaper and a trashcan in the.
Answer sentence: a young man stands on a sidewalk between a newspaper dispenser and a trashcan, with a bus in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man standing in front of a red and red with a group of red and taking a camera.
Answer sentence: a young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo.

Decoded sentence: young man sitting on a construction and playing his guitar while another other is playing.
Answer sentence: a young man sitting by a dumpster on a sidewalk playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: young men are sitting with a dog outside.
Answer sentence: a young man sits with a dog outside.

Decoded sentence: young man shaving her face as a girl behind him and taking pictures in a mirror.
Answer sentence: a young man shaves his face, while a girl behind him takes a picture in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: young man running with goggles and a woman on her eyes and a man with a white helmet and.
Answer sentence: a young man runs with goggles above his eyes and a bungee cord tethered to him as a man on a bicycle with a white helmet laughs.

Decoded sentence: young man preparing food with a few people in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man preparing food with diners in the background

Decoded sentence: young man looking at the camera while posing with a stick.
Answer sentence: a young man poses with a stick and looks at the camera.

Decoded sentence: young man playing with a man and is being is being is being is being is being is being.
Answer sentence: a young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball.

Decoded sentence: young man performing a bicycle stunt on a small platform while another of him is being.
Answer sentence: a young man performing a bicycle stunt on a very small platform, while another is spotting him.

Decoded sentence: young man lifting the while the other is being to a construction.
Answer sentence: a young man lifting the lid to a dumpster.

Decoded sentence: young man leaps through the air from a rocky dog.
Answer sentence: a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.

Decoded sentence: young man jumping a skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and beach in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man and young men look at a ball ' man in the background looking at him on the beach.
Answer sentence: a young man is ' heading ' a ball while on the beach, another young man, in the background, looks at him.

Decoded sentence: young man picking up her `` has trash bag and his bag to be taking a bag of other are on.
Answer sentence: a young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.

Decoded sentence: young man standing in a kitchen while holding a large man.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish.

Decoded sentence: young man stands in front of a candy cafe with a small cafe and pink flowers in front of.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in front of the candy cafe with a small tree with pink flowers in the front of the building.

Decoded sentence: young man sitting next to an two building with a backpack and a backpack and a face in.
Answer sentence: a young man is sitting next to the ornate building wall with the backpack on the ground and hiding his face in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young man shooting pool.
Answer sentence: a young man is shooting pool.

Decoded sentence: young man is a woman with a cake and three on top with three other walking.
Answer sentence: a young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top.

Decoded sentence: young man looking for a ride on a country sitting on a grassy field with a large tree in.
Answer sentence: a young man is looking for a ride on a country road, sitting on a grassy field with a large tree and mansion in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man in midair skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man taking a picture of a group of and children walking in front of a picture and.
Answer sentence: a young man is having his picture taken in front of a picture of an asian sports team, while a child walks in a ball cap walks in front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: young man gets some music by a man with a woman who is a being child across his shoulder.
Answer sentence: a young man is getting his haircut by another man with a towel draped across his shoulders.

Decoded sentence: young man doing a skateboard trick while two guys take pictures.
Answer sentence: a young man is doing a skateboarding trick while two guys take pictures and another is riding a scooter.

Decoded sentence: young men cross the street at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a young man is crossing an urban street at the crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: young man in yellow pants is engaged with a large audience watching and some an some are.
Answer sentence: a young man in yellow pants is engaging in physical activity with a large audience watching.

Decoded sentence: young man in uniform stands with back for a museum while standing with a museum on top.
Answer sentence: a young man in uniform is standing with his back to a museum case that has a classical bust on the top shelf.

Decoded sentence: young man in a jacket, and a red jacket is posing with his hand on the ground raised in.
Answer sentence: a young man in sneakers and a red jacket is posing with one hand on the ground and the other raised in the air.

Decoded sentence: young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag of the other men with a.
Answer sentence: a young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag out of an empty lot with another man following him.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue jeans and sunglasses is on a skateboard on a pavement lined with palm.
Answer sentence: a young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young man in black in all in a race on sidewalk with onlookers sitting in the grass looking.
Answer sentence: a young man in all black running in a race on a sidewalk with onlookers sitting in grass behind him.

Decoded sentence: young man in a white shirt sits on a wall with a young leg that is wrapped around and a.
Answer sentence: a young man in a white shirt is sitting on a wall with his legs wrapped around a young girl, with their motorcycle helmets on the wall behind him.

Decoded sentence: young man in tank top looking back at a woman near a fountain.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tank top looking back at a woman near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: young in a little shirt and tan hat and tan hats are all in the high streets of a kitchen.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.

Decoded sentence: young man in suit standing out from a crowd that appears to be white art to be white art.
Answer sentence: a young man in a suit standing out from the crowd, at what appears to be an art exhibition.

Decoded sentence: young man in a subway walking.
Answer sentence: a young man in a subway walking.

Decoded sentence: young man in striped hoodie looking at something 's on an ' advertisement that says ``.
Answer sentence: a young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic levi 's advertisement that says `` we are all workers. ''

Decoded sentence: young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is a blue ball at a bowling alley.
Answer sentence: a young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: young man in park setting makes a ride on a basketball hoop.
Answer sentence: a young man in a park setting has just made a slam dunk on a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: young man in green t-shirt is sitting alone of a guitar.
Answer sentence: a young man in a green t-shirt strums his guitar while sitting cross-legged on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young man in colorful costume sings into microphone.
Answer sentence: a young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young man in a brown shirt and blue shirt has ready to go to go.
Answer sentence: a young man in a brown shirt and cap has a blue and red cooler ready to go.

Decoded sentence: young man and three young have their striped sweater are watching and are watching and.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch, one a man a cigarette, or match in his month.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue shirt is eating a hotdog.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog.

Decoded sentence: young man in a black t-shirt is playing a their their guitar with an inflatable.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black t-shirt plays croquet with an inflatable mallet.

Decoded sentence: young man in a black shirt and wearing a walking on a giant machine looking at a giant.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black shirt is looking at and pointing to a message on a giant machine bearing the brand name `` blackberry. ''

Decoded sentence: young man holds up a piece of wood and a cigarette between the woods as the other is holding.
Answer sentence: a young man holds up a piece of wood and a chainsaw as presses a cigarette between his lips.

Decoded sentence: young man holding a white pipe against its mouth and holding on a sidewalk with two girls.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a white pipe against his mouth on a sidewalk with two girls sitting on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young man holds green balloons is shaped like a star in front of a large stone building.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a green balloon shaped like a star in front of a large stone building.

Decoded sentence: young man getting ready to hit a can hit with her orange bat.
Answer sentence: a young man getting ready to hit a can with a orange and purple bat.

Decoded sentence: young man and young girl look up to be on a with a man 's mask on the background and a.
Answer sentence: a young man flips up a welders ' mask as a young girl looks on, a six-pack, barbecue, and chalk message in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and red life trunks her jacket.
Answer sentence: a young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake.

Decoded sentence: young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.
Answer sentence: a young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.

Decoded sentence: young man is standing in an alley bags and talking on a cellphone while holding a big clothing.
Answer sentence: a young man carrying a big bag of clothing is standing in an alley and talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a group young man attempts on skateboard along a an out in a an two park.
Answer sentence: a young man attempts a tricky maneuver on his skateboard along a graffiti-covered wall in a park.

Decoded sentence: young man and woman in dresses stand in a group 's other drinking food.
Answer sentence: a young man and woman dressed in play chef 's hats are eating food at a table.

Decoded sentence: young man and old woman are walking along a sidewalk next to a wall with graffiti on it.
Answer sentence: a young man and an old woman are walking along a sidewalk next to a wall with graffiti on it.

Decoded sentence: young man and a younger boy sit on the floor and christmas trees.
Answer sentence: a young man and a much younger boy are sitting on the floor, opening a present, with a decorated christmas tree in the background.

Decoded sentence: young male wearing a red shirt and black pants is performing a dance station in a with.
Answer sentence: a young male wearing a red shirt and black pants is performing a dance technique in a terminal station for travelers.

Decoded sentence: young male is in the watching at an small black and small.
Answer sentence: a young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.

Decoded sentence: young male with curly brown hair is being is being is embracing behind a cardboard box.
Answer sentence: a young male child with curly brown hair, hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor 's market.

Decoded sentence: young male child float on a red with a bright blue lake with a bright blue background and.
Answer sentence: a young male child is floating on a makeshift boat upon a bright blue lake with rocks and light green grasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: young lady with brown hair reads a woman while a man is being to a paper while next to.
Answer sentence: a young lady with brown hair is reading a compass while the man next to her points to a paper.

Decoded sentence: young lady with umbrella and two other women walking by the male as two boys walk by.
Answer sentence: a young lady with an umbrella is walking by while two women are adoring the adorable puppy one gentleman was walking.

Decoded sentence: young lady dressed in blue top and black top is posing in black and pose.
Answer sentence: a young lady is dressed in a blue top with black leotards and is in a dance pose.

Decoded sentence: young lady is being young as she sits in a stroller in front of a man 's background.
Answer sentence: a young lady is being videotaped while she 's sitting in her stroller in front of a sysco truck on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young lady is wearing all she is making the his woman as she seen the man is seen.
Answer sentence: a young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.

Decoded sentence: a young and woman kids smiling.
Answer sentence: a young kid smiling, looking joyous.

Decoded sentence: young kids in a dark blue sweater and yellow pants are skiing over ice and being ice that.
Answer sentence: a young kid in a dark blue sweater and yellow pants is skiing over ice that is on top of green grass.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a red shirt and a colorful colored is painting his arm and is painted.
Answer sentence: a young girl, wearing a red shirt and with an animal painted face, painting her own picture.

Decoded sentence: young girl of a children are standing in an open window surrounded by all clothes surrounded.
Answer sentence: a young girl, of perhaps hispanic descent, is standing in an open window surrounded by clothes and outdoor plants.

Decoded sentence: young girl balancing on his feet while another girl in red-hair watches with red-hair and.
Answer sentence: a young girl with red-hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches.

Decoded sentence: young girl with light brown hair is opening a very group of boys with an older boy and.
Answer sentence: a young girl with light brown hair is opening a present with the help of an older boy with darker brown hair.

Decoded sentence: young girl with blond-hair is digging in a small his small sand with on the beach and the.
Answer sentence: a young girl with blond-hair is digging in the sand with a small scoop on the beach with the ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: young girl with big smiles and wearing colored clothing is preparing food in a narrow alley.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big smile, wearing brightly colored clothing helps prepare food in a narrow alley.

Decoded sentence: young girl with a big black coat is surrounded by snow covered by white snow covered in.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big black coat jumping, surrounded by white snow and a mountain covered in pine trees.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on orange and orange is surrounded by a with a pot and is surrounded.
Answer sentence: a young girl who is sitting on a giant orange pumpkin and is surrounded by pots of flowers smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girls wearing a this evening costume.
Answer sentence: a young girl wears a butterfly costume.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing white and white and is diving from the straw while the girl is being.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a white jumper drinks from a straw while other girls congregate behind her.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a pink and white dress with a red and yellow ribbon and red while making.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a pink and white dress with a crown of pink and yellow roses makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a multicolored shirt holding an orange ball in her right hand and a.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a light blue dress and navy pants and yellow shirt is walking in the.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a light blue dress and a young boy wearing navy pants and a yellow shirt walk up the steps to the cockpit of an airplane sitting in the field of an aviation museum.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a helmet is riding a brown horse.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a bikini in an as a young girl looks on.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by with people looking like fabric bags.
Answer sentence: a young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by what looks like handmade fabrics and bags.

Decoded sentence: young girls sit on the edge of a is a by.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on the edge of a sink.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on a rock overlooking a large girl.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field.

Decoded sentence: young girl serving her while an elderly man is elderly.
Answer sentence: a young girl serving biscuits to an elderly man.

Decoded sentence: young girl on bike in her his his his his his his his his one is with a one is looking.
Answer sentence: a young girl on her bike in her underwear

Decoded sentence: young girl jumping off a concrete block with his arm in the air above his head.
Answer sentence: a young girl jumping off a concrete block, with her arms and hands in the air, above her head.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a red coat has her finger in his mouth.
Answer sentence: a young girl is wearing a red coat and has her finger in her mouth.

Decoded sentence: young girls walk through a grassy making a green.
Answer sentence: a young girl is walking through a grassy pasture.

Decoded sentence: young girls swing in the backyard.
Answer sentence: a young girl is swinging in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: young girls smile in front of the camera at a park.
Answer sentence: a young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park.

Decoded sentence: young girls are playing outside a house.
Answer sentence: a young girl is playing outside her house.

Decoded sentence: young girl lying on a others hand on a horse as a man is blowing dirt by a horse on the.
Answer sentence: a young girl is lying on some personal belongings, on a cart that is dragged by a horse and a man, on a dirt route.

Decoded sentence: young girls lay in the grass posing for the camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera

Decoded sentence: young girl drawing a game on the side of the road drawing and watch.
Answer sentence: a young girl is drawing a hopscotch game on the side of a road while other children are watching.

Decoded sentence: young girl in sunglasses and poses in the camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl in sunglasses, poses for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girl in pink pants with white and white and is studying a hand while she sits in.
Answer sentence: a young girl in pink pants with white polka dots is studying something in her hand as she sits in a lush forest.

Decoded sentence: young girl in dark shorts and blue tank top running on the grass near orange cones and.
Answer sentence: a young girl in dark shorts and a blue tank top runs on the grass near an orange cone and tape.

Decoded sentence: young girl in orange bathing suit plays on the beach 's shore.
Answer sentence: a young girl in an orange bathing suit plays on the beach 's shore.

Decoded sentence: young girl in yellow dance on stage with baseball field and in background.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a yellow dance, dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a red shirt and gray pants leaning over a kitchen counter and laughing.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a red shirt and gray pants is leaning over a kitchen counter laughing.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a pink dress is standing on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young girl in karate uniform holding large son and.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a green shirt and a young girl riding a bike out an apartment building out.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a green shirt and shorts out riding her bike past a very nice apartment building.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a black shirt and blue helmet sits on four has four other are with their.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a black shirt and a blue helmet is sitting on a quad, or four wheeler, with her right hand on the handlebars.

Decoded sentence: young girl and a younger boy hold possibly a boy in a public place.
Answer sentence: a young girl holds a younger boy, possibly her brother, surrounded by adults, in a public place.

Decoded sentence: young girls are hanging from a woman for a basketball hoop.
Answer sentence: a young girl hangs from the mounting beam of a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: young girl in back on water over a life and her life have jacket.
Answer sentence: a young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket.

Decoded sentence: young girl dressed in white with pink scarf and pink scarf is smiling.
Answer sentence: a young girl dressed in white with a pink scarf smiles as she poses next to a fire in a chimney.

Decoded sentence: young girl does a handstand on a bed with a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: a young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets.

Decoded sentence: young girl dancing in front of a city building wearing bright clothes and pink and hot.
Answer sentence: a young girl dancing in front of a city building wearing very bright clothes and hot pink socks

Decoded sentence: young girl and an older man checking out at a food store.
Answer sentence: a young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store.

Decoded sentence: young girl standing in a river next to a fallen tree while other men look in in the same.
Answer sentence: a young girl and a dog standing in a river next to a fallen tree, both looking in the same direction.

Decoded sentence: young gentleman with blue tie talking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young women are practicing the in the bank with one is being drinks.
Answer sentence: a young fighter is practicing his punches with one of his peers.

Decoded sentence: young female wearing a softball uniform jumps into the air while wearing a and a softball.
Answer sentence: a young female wearing a softball uniform and glove jumps into the air while holding a ball.

Decoded sentence: young female swimmers getting ready to jump off the blocks.
Answer sentence: a young female swimmer is getting ready to jump off the block.

Decoded sentence: young female sitting in chair on a beach reading a book with his feet in the sand.
Answer sentence: a young female is sitting in a chair on the beach, while reading a book with her feet in the sand.

Decoded sentence: young female in a green tank top and a young female are checking her.
Answer sentence: a young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: young female basketball player in red and white blocks in red while dressed in white and.
Answer sentence: a young female basketball player in red and white blocks another in possession of the ball who is dressed in white and maroon.

Decoded sentence: young female african american child sitting on a swing with her arms holding on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing.

Decoded sentence: young female adults get their hands by another woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with.
Answer sentence: a young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.

Decoded sentence: young sitting and boy ride horses at a playground play.
Answer sentence: a young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.

Decoded sentence: young dark-haired boys wearing checkered and black clothing and white clothing are playing.
Answer sentence: a young dark-haired boy wearing black and white checkered clothing is playing with a yellow toy boat in the shallow waters of a beach.

Decoded sentence: young construction workers in hard hats and two large are with a large air and two are.
Answer sentence: a young construction worker in a hard hat utilizes a air hammer to break up large boulders while two of his co workers stand by.

Decoded sentence: young child having a ball while diving into the pool on his arm.
Answer sentence: a young child, who has a cast on her arm, is diving into a pool.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a blue shirt and green hat blowing up balloons and balloons.
Answer sentence: a young child, wearing a blue shirt and green hat, is blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: young child with brown curly hair and brown eyes is sitting in a each chair on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young child with brown curly hair and brown eyes sits in a foldaway chair on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young child with blond-hair and yellow boots plays with shovel and rock truck with truck.
Answer sentence: a young child with blond-hair and yellow boots plays with a shovel, rocks and a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing green shoes and red pants is standing on top of a circle and a blue.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing green shoes, red pants, a blue shirt, and a blue hat stands on top of a circle that is on a cracked piece of concrete.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a with a floral and white floral t-shirt with a floral skirt and a.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing an overall dress with a floral patterned skirt and a white t-shirt pets a baby deer with a backpack on her back.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a yellow striped t-shirt and blue shorts is playing a lake along the.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a yellow striped t-shirt and blue shorts is playing along side the lake and rocks.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals and plays with a toy floor while sitting on.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young child using his red on the front of the.
Answer sentence: a young child using a sponge on the front of an oven.

Decoded sentence: young child splashing in the water.
Answer sentence: a young child splashing in water.

Decoded sentence: young child rides a motorbike through the mud.
Answer sentence: a young child rides a motorbike through the mud.

Decoded sentence: young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.
Answer sentence: a young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young child leading a large dog on the shore.
Answer sentence: a young child leads a large dog on the shore.

Decoded sentence: young child jumping on a bed while another man looks their way.
Answer sentence: a young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way.

Decoded sentence: young child sitting at a table inside a restaurant with paper writing on a of paper with.
Answer sentence: a young child is sitting at a table inside a restaurant and is writing on a piece of paper with a pen.

Decoded sentence: young child plays in water with a toy that is in the.
Answer sentence: a young child is playing in a water tank with toys.

Decoded sentence: young child petting an animal.
Answer sentence: a young child is petting an animal.

Decoded sentence: young child holds onto back of chairs and look onto.
Answer sentence: a young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.

Decoded sentence: the happy young child smiles as her mother is at her.
Answer sentence: a young child is happy because her mother is smiling at her.

Decoded sentence: young child is filled a bucket of water from a woman.
Answer sentence: a young child is filling a bucket of water from a faucet.

Decoded sentence: young child in green jeans and blue jeans rides bike on sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young child in green shoes, blue jeans, and purple jacket rides a bike on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young child in yellow jacket and pink boots walks away through the winter puddle of an.
Answer sentence: a young child in a yellow jacket, pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle, accompanied by her dog.

Decoded sentence: young child in striped sweatshirt brushing her child of a younger child.
Answer sentence: a young child in a striped sweatshirt brushes the hair of a younger child.

Decoded sentence: young child in red shirt and a horse is some of the grass and there is a horse in the background.
Answer sentence: a young child in a red shirt is chewing a stem of grass and there is a horse in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young woman and child in a green shirt, playing near a water and blue ball.
Answer sentence: a young child in a green shirt and a fisherman type hat near the water playing with a blue and white ball.

Decoded sentence: young child watching a truck go by in a parade while holding a american truck and balloon.
Answer sentence: a young child holds an american flag and balloons while watching a truck go by in a parade.

Decoded sentence: young child holding hands with a woman and a walk past a woman with his number of his number.
Answer sentence: a young child holding hands with a woman and the walk past a wall with the number 93 painted on it.

Decoded sentence: young child holding flowers to her nose.
Answer sentence: a young child holding a flower to her nose

Decoded sentence: young child dressed in a yellow plaid shirt and blue shirt sits and staring out at the.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed in a yellow plaid shirt and a blue hat, sits and stares out at the water.

Decoded sentence: young child dressed as a little woman riding as a little.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed as little red riding hood.

Decoded sentence: young child hugging with a light woman and tan hair.
Answer sentence: a young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair.

Decoded sentence: young brunette wearing black and purple pants and silver pants attached to attached to.
Answer sentence: a young brunette wearing purple and black floral stretch pants is attaching her bike to a finch.

Decoded sentence: young brunette male in a striped blue shirt and denim jeans in a basketball court on a.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male in a striped blue shirt and denim jeans, tossing a basketball on a basketball court.

Decoded sentence: young brunette male is wearing a young girl in a red jacket.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male comforting a young girl in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: young brown-haired woman plays guitar and singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young brown-haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing striped shirt and a red and red and a red one is hitting the piece of.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing shorts and a red tank top is sliding down a board on his 's 's shirt.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing shorts and a red tank top, is sliding down a mountain of snow, riding a board on his belly.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing an orange shirt and standing outside and has two bags in a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red sports uniform is standing in the middle of an empty sports field.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing a red sports uniform, stands in the middle of an empty sports field under a dark blue sky.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a green jersey and black shorts is woman is in the face.
Answer sentence: a young boy, playing soccer, is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in a karate or wearing a karate and a karate stand ready to be talking.
Answer sentence: a young boy, dressed in a karate gee and wearing a yellow belt, stands ready to defend himself inside a gym.

Decoded sentence: a wide arm and a young boy leaps and legs into the water on a rocky shoreline.
Answer sentence: a young boy, arms and legs splayed wide, is leaping into the water on a rocky shoreline.

Decoded sentence: young boy with long brown hair and an standing behind a cardboard box with a green cardboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy with long brown hair hides behind a cardboard box, peering over the top of the box in an area with green crates of fruits and vegetables.

Decoded sentence: young boy with flowers on her face and apron is being group is in a striped shirt and is.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron.

Decoded sentence: young boy with woman on her nose and apron is dressed in hand and as he smiles for the.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young boy with dark hair leaning out of a window and green window and green and orange.
Answer sentence: a young boy with dark hair and skin leaning out of a window of a white bus with green and orange stripes.

Decoded sentence: young boy with black hair and jeans and older man with dark for working on lawn as her.
Answer sentence: a young boy with black hair and tie-dyed shirt and jeans and an older man balding with a long-sleeved dark shirt and jeans working on lawn equipment.

Decoded sentence: young boy with an orange shirt on is looking at some tools set with an has set and setting.
Answer sentence: a young boy with an orange shirt on is looking at a tool set with an overturned bike at his side.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing white shirt and shirt is in midair while reading something in her.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing white and a shirt reading `` 85 '' is in midair, doing a martial arts kick.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing swimming trunks walks across a rock next to a beach.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across rocks next to a beach.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a rubber boots and a checkered checkered shirt is sleeping while his.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing rubber boots dark shorts and a checkered shirt is lying down sleeping on stacks of yellow metal guard rails.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a striped tank top and blue shorts, and blue cap looks through the background.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing black pants and a sitting and a girl on a computer screen by a computer.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing black pants and a pinstriped shirt looks at something on a computer screen.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing white shorts, and yellow pants and yellow belt poses outside on the left.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white tunic, white pants, and a yellow belt is standing on his left leg with his right leg extended in a karate pose.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a group of young is wearing a blue shirt and a other wearing a man and a other.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white shirt with `` frog ! '' printed in red, turns the pages of a book he is holding.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a tropical shirt and striped three.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a tropical shirt scrubs his oven clean.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red winter coat holds up a candy bar and other candy.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants is standing around a an outside group of a.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red scarf around her head writing in her head with a while a woman.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red bandanna and has a face painted with a another walking in the red.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red bandanna is having his face painted with `` free b ... '' in red letters.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a gray sweater and blue jeans and blue boots is sitting down.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a gray sweater, blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing dark blue jacket and blue jacket is holding a dog in arms in the snow.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a dark blue jacket and hat is holding a gold and white dog in his arms and kneeling by a metal fence in the snow.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a blue winter coat and hat looks to the flower at flowers.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue winter coat and hat, is looking carefully at flower arrangements.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing blue t-shirt is standing among trees and object holding up a while a.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a black shirt and brown pants and the other watches has their hands on.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a black shirt, brown pants and a black watch has his hand on a white folded chair which is on the top of a large stack of similar folding chairs.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a bathing suit and a sitting and wave up a his is running into the ocean.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a bathing suit and rash guard runs into the ocean as the waves bubble up on the shore.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a bat jersey swings at an an an an an an an an an an an an one an one.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a giants jersey swings a baseball bat at an incoming pitch.

Decoded sentence: young boy watching and a woman in a his music shop at a downtown center.
Answer sentence: a young boy watching and admiring puppets in a puppet shop at the downtown convention center.

Decoded sentence: young boy walks with bucket on top of his head.
Answer sentence: a young boy walks with a bucket on top of his head.

Decoded sentence: young boy throwing a ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy throwing a ball.

Decoded sentence: a and a baseball boy swings a bat at a baseball game while adults look very something in.
Answer sentence: a young boy swings a baseball bat at a baseball game while adults look onward in the bleachers.

Decoded sentence: young boy swinging upside down from a bar.
Answer sentence: a young boy swinging upside down from a bar.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in a crowded school room with a statue and a single desk in the background.
Answer sentence: a young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background.

Decoded sentence: young boy with blue slide close down sliding while close with sunglasses watches.
Answer sentence: a young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches, smiling.

Decoded sentence: young boy sleeping on a red and an on a red area.
Answer sentence: a young boy sleeps on a makeshift cot in a flooded area.

Decoded sentence: young boy sitting while eating.
Answer sentence: a young boy sits while eating.

Decoded sentence: young boy sitting alone in a wagon while another of them holds a on a dusty road while.
Answer sentence: a young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother 's wagon down a dusty dirt road.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing blue swimsuit is running barefoot.
Answer sentence: a young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit.

Decoded sentence: young boy running with his to board into the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy running with a boogie board into the water

Decoded sentence: young boy rides his bike down a snow covered road.
Answer sentence: a young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: young boy other face to the face of food into the food.
Answer sentence: a young boy presses his face into his plate of food.

Decoded sentence: young boy plays a video game in a black and restaurant 's restaurant.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays a video game in a mcdonald 's restaurant.

Decoded sentence: young boy playing with an orange toy.
Answer sentence: a young boy playing with an improvised toy.

Decoded sentence: young boy looks on fixing while fixing his blue bike while being blue.
Answer sentence: a young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.

Decoded sentence: young boy of american and orange shorts wearing shorts and an american are seated on an.
Answer sentence: a young boy of latin american origins wearing shorts and seated on a matte on the ground seems to be unpacking a container of tropical fruits.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumping into a pool wearing goggles.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping into the pool wearing goggles.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumping barefoot on a trampoline in a grassy backyard.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping barefoot on a trampoline in his grassy backyard.

Decoded sentence: young boy walking on what seems to be a of a with a group of green grass 's into the camera.
Answer sentence: a young boy is walking on what seems to be a chilly day, though the path he 's on seems to disappear into a sea of green grass.

Decoded sentence: young boy using a woman and a.
Answer sentence: a young boy is using a vacuum cleaner.

Decoded sentence: young boys are swimming in an underground next underground.
Answer sentence: a young boy is swimming in an underground pool right next to the 3.5 ft. sign.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in front of her woman to his woman who is a woman in a green item and.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in front of a register often found in supermarkets, and a woman is handing him a green item from a shopping basket that has other items in it.

Decoded sentence: young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a three young boys and a child watching.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project, but having difficulties, while his classmates watch him.

Decoded sentence: young boy spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.

Decoded sentence: young boys sit on the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: young boys sit in blue chairs.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting in a blue chair.

Decoded sentence: young boy pushes a toy atv around a rubber pool.
Answer sentence: a young boy is pushing a toy atv around a rubber pool

Decoded sentence: young boy looking at a with a group of people are sitting and adults with their heads against.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.

Decoded sentence: young boy looking her bike while looking a bike.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking and touching a bike

Decoded sentence: young boy kneeling on white floor next to orange cloth.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kneeling on a white floor next to an orange cloth.

Decoded sentence: young boy kicking a soccer ball away from the all opponent.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumps through water to being held up from the ground.
Answer sentence: a young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground.

Decoded sentence: young boys are hanging out with something hanging out.
Answer sentence: a young boy is inside a couch cushion with stuffing hanging out.

Decoded sentence: young boy and boy are asleep on a wall.
Answer sentence: a young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate.

Decoded sentence: young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue and green shovel while holding a bright green.
Answer sentence: a young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue pail and a bright green shovel on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a swim trunks holding a plastic and boy in the shore of the ocean.
Answer sentence: a young boy in hawaiian style swim trunks holds a plastic bucket and shovel on the shore of the ocean.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a checkered and red pants is place in black and black at a woman.
Answer sentence: a young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub.

Decoded sentence: young boy in blue trunks plays in water at outdoor fountain with a brick fountain.
Answer sentence: a young boy in blue trunks plays in the water at an outdoor fountain with a brick foundation.

Decoded sentence: young boy in yellow shirt is standing behind a grassy area with a younger boy in a white.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow shirt is jumping in a grassy area with a younger boy, in a white shirt, standing behind him.

Decoded sentence: young boy in yellow and yellow is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.

Decoded sentence: young boy in t-shirt with an audience on and a red hat skateboarding in an on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a t-shirt, sweats and a red hat, skateboarding in a skateboard arena, with an audience on the side and blue skies above.

Decoded sentence: young boy in swimming suit sits in the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a red and white shirt is bending on the ground surrounded by some bushes.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red and white shirt is squatting on the ground, surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: young boy in red.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red `` u.s.a. '' t-shirt plays with a toy circuit board kit.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a green shirt wearing a blue shirt and is staring at a white dog in a red.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a green shirt wearing a blue harness stares at a white dog in a red harness while taking a walk.

Decoded sentence: young boy in gray is a skateboard off of a curb in a area with a woman in a background.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a gray beanie is flipping a skateboard off of a curb in an area with graffited walls.

Decoded sentence: young boy in black jacket is running towards a woman with people out.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a black jacket is running towards a woman with outstretched arms.

Decoded sentence: young boy holding a broom or in a laundry room.
Answer sentence: a young boy holding a broom or mop in a laundry room.

Decoded sentence: young boys enjoying the surf and the other low is very very very low.
Answer sentence: a young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon.

Decoded sentence: young boy dressed in white and blue is kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: young boy being blue under a police barrier.
Answer sentence: a young boy crawling under a police barrier.

Decoded sentence: young boy casting a fishing line off the pier.
Answer sentence: a young boy casting his fishing line off a pier

Decoded sentence: young boy around all cooking on a grill and cooking on a grill outside a wooden porch.
Answer sentence: a young boy around the age of ten is cooking steaks on a grill outside on his wooden porch.

Decoded sentence: young boy and a young bicycle ride with the street down with a small tree around them.
Answer sentence: a young boy and a young girl ride a bicycle down a street, with dirt and small trees around them.

Decoded sentence: young boy and 2 women looking out the window to construction workers.
Answer sentence: a young boy and 2 women look out a window to construction workers.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired girl wearing a striped sweater looks into a telescope while a girl with.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl wearing a ymca sweater looks into a telescope while another girl with glasses watches her.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired girl holding a white to get a haircut by a yellow tie in a yellow.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired boy wearing striped shirt attempting to lift a large in a large his.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy wearing a striped shirt attempting to lift a large pumpkin from the pumpkin patch.

Decoded sentence: young blond-haired boy going down a red slide.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide.

Decoded sentence: young blond woman wearing black shirt and khaki hat looks at the camera while people are.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman wearing a black shirt and khaki hat looks at the camera, and other people are standing around on the sidewalk area behind her.

Decoded sentence: young blond woman in a with a woman in a black and glasses sitting in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman in a polka-dot outfit and black glasses sitting in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl with pink shirt and a green shirt sticking her feet out the air while.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl in pink shirt and striped shirt sits atop atop a man 's shoulder in a.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy rides a red and white and blue bicycle with an american flag on it.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy holds her in front of face.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy holds a mallet in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: young black men with two guns are pointing at their heads.
Answer sentence: a young black man with two guns pointed at his head.

Decoded sentence: young barefoot boy sitting on the others holding a large pole while holding a large pole.
Answer sentence: a young barefoot boy is sitting on the earth while holding a large rattan pole.

Decoded sentence: young baby wearing blue as a blond is sleeping in his mouth.
Answer sentence: a young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: young baby boy about to be a group next to her mother.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy is about to sneeze next to his mother.

Decoded sentence: young baby wearing a shirt that says `` of what is being crying and crying.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy crying while wearing a shirt that says `` i am the boss. ''

Decoded sentence: young asian woman wearing long shorts and gray and gray t-shirt sitting on a wooden bench.
Answer sentence: a young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench.

Decoded sentence: young asian girl sliding down a pole on an outdoor playground equipment.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.

Decoded sentence: young adults and they are reading a book at the as he is doing laundry for the laundry.
Answer sentence: a young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.

Decoded sentence: young adult young adult wearing black shirts and black pants and pose on a pose.
Answer sentence: a young adult male, wearing a black shirt and black pants, balances on one leg atop modern architecture.

Decoded sentence: young out in the an getting one holding a and coat waits and gather together.
Answer sentence: a young acrobat in flame design costume waits for her turn to compete.

Decoded sentence: young men walking with a young bike downtown.
Answer sentence: a young mormon man walking with his bike downtown.

Decoded sentence: young japanese man is like taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a young japanese man does not like his picture taken.

Decoded sentence: young asian men wearing play with a man and a straw man holding a straw goods and a person.
Answer sentence: a young asian man wearing a conical straw hat holding straw goods, and another person in the back to the left holding straw goods.

Decoded sentence: young asian men in blue shirts and small beard are taking notes with a small girl from.
Answer sentence: a young asian man in a blue shirt with a small beard and mustache takes notes with a pencil from a large book.

Decoded sentence: young asian girl in blue dress standing on a an has a child in front of a wooden fence.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl in a blue dress, around six years old, is twirling a pink hula hoop around her waist while standing on a well-cut lawn in front of a wooden fence and some bushes and shrubs bordering the yard.

Decoded sentence: young asian boy seated on the floor while wearing a pajamas who is being watched together.
Answer sentence: a young asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of legos.

Decoded sentence: young african-american man wearing colorful with colorful shirts and walking down an urban.
Answer sentence: a young african-american man, wearing a colorful silk-screened shirt and a cap, walks his bicycle down an urban sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young asian woman wearing sunglasses and tan coat smiling wooden and hugging smiling and.
Answer sentence: a young ( asian ) woman wearing sunglasses and a tan coat is smiling and hugging a wooden robot.

Decoded sentence: a yellow tractor is sitting on a hillside.
Answer sentence: a yellow tractor sits on a hillside.

Decoded sentence: a yellow team and yellow are jumping and a two team players run along the other side.
Answer sentence: a yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run along side.

Decoded sentence: a yellow taxi cab with a sign reading his `` rides on it while the guy sits in the back.
Answer sentence: a yellow taxi cab with a sign reading `` mama mia ! '' on it, and a guy sitting in the back.

Decoded sentence: a yellow t-shirt team is competing against a gray t-shirt team in a match that is on a.
Answer sentence: a yellow t-shirt soccer team competes against a gray t-shirt team in a match played on a stone tile city area.

Decoded sentence: a yellow is yellow.
Answer sentence: a yellow robot and young girl touch each other 's hands.

Decoded sentence: the yellow and yellow mask with the jean and is carrying a other swim to be being held.
Answer sentence: a yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle.

Decoded sentence: a yellow dog running through a yard holding a yellow toy covered in its mouth and leaves.
Answer sentence: a yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: the wrestlers are crouching in the company and looks on the opposite direction.
Answer sentence: a wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: workers wearing bright vests and black clothes are picking up clothes on the ground and.
Answer sentence: a worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him.

Decoded sentence: workers walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a worker walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: workers are searching the older and older.
Answer sentence: a worker searches an older nun with glasses.

Decoded sentence: workers are being being being being being being being being being being being being being.
Answer sentence: a worker making sure his machine is working correctly.

Decoded sentence: workers in a checkered shirt and produce are men out the standing behind an colored food.
Answer sentence: a worker in a checkered shirt weighs out produce behind a stand that offers exotic foods.

Decoded sentence: workers in blue hats are fixing the wall.
Answer sentence: a worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall.

Decoded sentence: workers dressed in orange and on the ocean and the other with high high this side of high.
Answer sentence: a worker dressed in orange overall sprays off an ocean side road with high pressure water.

Decoded sentence: a wooden fence keep an horse 's to her.
Answer sentence: a wooden fence keeps the horse 's safe.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting at a fancy table looking at a man who is standing next to a fancy table.
Answer sentence: a women sitting at a fancy table looking at her food. a man standing next to the table.

Decoded sentence: woman talking on a pizza restaurant the man is next to a and pizza restaurant looking on.
Answer sentence: a woman, talking on her cellphone, and a man are standing outside of a sbarro pizza restaurant, next to the subway.

Decoded sentence: woman in wearing both attire and a woman looks on a security guard.
Answer sentence: a woman, in nun attire, is being frisked by a female security guard, while another woman looks on.

Decoded sentence: woman in t-shirt leaning while a large group of black is leaning together and leaning in.
Answer sentence: a woman, in a t-shirt and a skirt, leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball.

Decoded sentence: a group 's body of women and women walk in front of a large sign which is wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: a woman 's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans and walks in front of a large sign depicting another woman wearing a black top and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: a group of women 's hands showing their all over the other and other all over a for a all.
Answer sentence: a woman 's hands are shown applying black-colored nail polish over an existing layer of gray-colored polish.

Decoded sentence: while a woman and woman are working on a piece of computer equipment while appear to be.
Answer sentence: a woman works on a piece of computer equipment, while surrounded by a variety of mechanical and computer equipment, in what appears to be some type of laboratory workroom.

Decoded sentence: woman working on a painting of a young woman and tan something and tan something on her.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin.

Decoded sentence: woman working on a large machine making her two of what appears to be using some sort of.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a large machine which she appears to be using to make a blanket of some sort.

Decoded sentence: woman working at a.
Answer sentence: a woman working at a newsstand.

Decoded sentence: woman with white hair in a yellow shirt is lying in the grass overlooking the ocean overlooking.
Answer sentence: a woman with white hair in a yellow shirt lies in the grass overlooking the ocean in which a lone sailboat is visible.

Decoded sentence: woman with two hula hoops is performing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman with two hula hoops performs in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: woman with sunglasses on her head is carrying a toddler.
Answer sentence: a woman with sunglasses on her head is carrying a blond toddler.

Decoded sentence: woman with a colorful and blue and blue striped shirt is wearing a blue shirt and sitting.
Answer sentence: a woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels.

Decoded sentence: woman with short hair and sunglasses sits behind a glass in an glass building.
Answer sentence: a woman with short hair and sunglasses is sitting behind a glass partition in the entryway of a building.

Decoded sentence: woman with a colorful woman in her hair is waving around a purple and purple scarf.
Answer sentence: a woman with shiny decorations in her hair is waving around purple, blue, and orange scarves.

Decoded sentence: woman with colorful and silver hair, is being hands to her.
Answer sentence: a woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes.

Decoded sentence: woman with red shoes stands in the middle of the street.
Answer sentence: a woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.

Decoded sentence: woman with red eyes and green makeup on is holding up a beige face.
Answer sentence: a woman with red eyes and green makeup on her face, holds up a beige colored, ornately designed fan to cover her mouth.

Decoded sentence: woman in sunglasses and blond-hair standing near black and white tent pulling up to pull.
Answer sentence: a woman with pulled up blond-hair and sunglasses on is standing near a black and white tent.

Decoded sentence: woman with a pink bow in her hair plays instruments.
Answer sentence: a woman with pink bows in her hair plays an instrument.

Decoded sentence: woman with long hair and a small girl holding a small girl in a piece of suit as they run.
Answer sentence: a woman with long hair holds the hand of small girl in one piece blue bathing suit while they run among other children on flooded pavement.

Decoded sentence: woman with long dark hair standing in front of a window.
Answer sentence: a woman with long dark hair standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: woman with long blond-hair and black coat wearing black and black coat and black shoes.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair, wearing a mid-length coat, black heeled shoes is looking in the window of the au levain d'antan shop.

Decoded sentence: woman with long blond-hair stands around bicycle as she is around her.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is standing over her bicycle while other bicycles are around her.

Decoded sentence: woman with long blond-hair sits on a stool with a piano.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is sitting on a stool with a piano.

Decoded sentence: woman with her hair leaning against a couch of a sofa and wearing sunglasses sitting and.
Answer sentence: a woman with her hair up and wearing sunglasses is sitting and leaning against the back of a sofa while looking at her phone.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman with glasses and a man raising her child and a child with her child behind.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses raised is staring with her mouth open and there is a man with a child behind her.

Decoded sentence: woman with glasses looks at a gray laptop with two people at a table in a yellow room.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses is looking at a gray laptop with two other people at a table in a yellow room.

Decoded sentence: woman with dark hair holds vegetables and she stands in front of full of vegetables.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing brown hair with a black and white striped and black tank top holding a pole.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair wearing a black and white striped tank top holding a pole in a pool.

Decoded sentence: woman with brown hair wearing a blue shirt, and doing a high rock.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: woman with brown hair and a book has a book and a drink with people in the people in the.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair and wearing a brown shirt has a drink while perusing a book with photographs of people in it.

Decoded sentence: woman with woman kneeling down and boy kneeling down a string on a machine.
Answer sentence: a woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine

Decoded sentence: woman playing with blue hair while leaning a guitar against a blue wall.
Answer sentence: a woman with blue hair is playing the guitar leaning against a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: woman with blond-hair sits in a booth with drinks working on laptop.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop.

Decoded sentence: woman with blond-hair and a cowboy hat rides a brown horse in an arena while the american.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair and a cowboy hat, is holding the american flag while riding a brown horse in an arena.

Decoded sentence: a pink shirt and black purse stand looking at the playing while standing at the mud 's.
Answer sentence: a woman with black pants, a pink long-sleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at mud 's food truck looking at the menu.

Decoded sentence: woman with black hair and orange shirt working with blue and orange vest like a material.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair, wearing a blue shirt and orange vest working with some blue clay like material.

Decoded sentence: woman with black hair with purple her `` no '' in her shirt, and a man in a red shirt looks.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: woman with black hair wearing white and black women and black walking into microphone.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: woman with black hair holds her glasses at a table with a lamp.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair holds a martini glass at a table with a lamp.

Decoded sentence: woman with black hair sitting on a rock wearing black looking into the distance looking.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance.

Decoded sentence: woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.
Answer sentence: a woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.

Decoded sentence: woman with white top and blue top eating in a crowd while standing in white.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: woman with a white shirt and striped shirt walking by.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt and ponytail walks by.

Decoded sentence: woman with white shirt and white shirt is being shirt, looking on beside his child and.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt aims a dart at an off-camera target as several other people holding darts look on beside her.

Decoded sentence: woman with white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.

Decoded sentence: woman with white jacket and black pants is walking down a sidewalk in front of a banner.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers.

Decoded sentence: woman with her who and a bicycle and bicycle standing near a bicycle near a black jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman with a walkie talkie and a bicycle helmet and bicycle standing near another woman in a black jacket.

Decoded sentence: woman with a large black sunglasses and a giant mirror is holding up a mirror.
Answer sentence: a woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face.

Decoded sentence: woman with a tattoo sits with a pair of yellow and yellow multicolored hair on her red.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo sits with a pair of yellow tinted sunglasses on her multicolored hair.

Decoded sentence: woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera.

Decoded sentence: woman with a straw hat sits on the steps outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors.

Decoded sentence: woman with shopping bags is standing in a crowd next to a young man with a camera and a.
Answer sentence: a woman with a shopping bag labeled `` sale '' stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera.

Decoded sentence: woman with a red and long red shirt, long black skirt and a young child holding her arm.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red sleeveless top and a long black skirt holding one young child in her arm and holding another young child by the hand as she walks along.

Decoded sentence: woman with red purse walks along a city street with dark purse and red coats talking on.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red purse and a dark colored coat is walking along a city street while talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: woman with a orange and orange apron is making a all friends and is leaning into a frame.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red and orange apron makes paper-mache orbs while her friend leans into the frame.

Decoded sentence: woman with a ponytail in a leather jacket stands outside a his her is of a two store that.
Answer sentence: a woman with a ponytail in a leather jacket is standing outside of a store that says `` since 1889. ''

Decoded sentence: woman with the peace on a shirt is grilling vegetables.
Answer sentence: a woman with a peace symbol on her shirt grills vegetables

Decoded sentence: woman with large purse walks by gate.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.

Decoded sentence: woman with large purse walking in a male hall.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall.

Decoded sentence: woman with a yellow headband wearing a red and red hooded jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman with a headband wearing a blue, yellow and red hooded jacket.

Decoded sentence: woman with traditional head and head clothing reads into a microphone for paper.
Answer sentence: a woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: woman with a hammer is watching a picture of a man hanging as a man hanging on the wall.
Answer sentence: a woman with a hammer watches as a man levels a picture of a tree being hung on the wall.

Decoded sentence: woman with a gray shirt and pink backpack holds a small child while another man stands.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and pink backpack holding a small child and a young man standing beside her.

Decoded sentence: woman with a gray shirt and white and black apron is working with wood.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and dirty white apron works with wood.

Decoded sentence: woman with floral shirt purse walks and man with black shirt and black is walking behind.
Answer sentence: a woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: woman with chinese hat leaning on a wall out of a snow in front of a street, leaning behind.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chinese hat on leaning on the wall standing behind a cut out of snow white in front of some store windows.

Decoded sentence: woman with a chain around her neck is leaning before a small girl is smiling before the.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of jenga while others watch on.

Decoded sentence: woman with a bucket standing beside a with a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bucket standing beside a picket fence.

Decoded sentence: woman with a brown coat along and a woman with orange sits along an orange display of a.
Answer sentence: a woman with a brown coat and a woman with a black top stand along displays of oranges, apples, and other fruits.

Decoded sentence: woman with a bright blue and a bright blue is other is sitting in a chair of an old chair.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bright blue satchel measures the blood pressure of an old woman sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: woman with blue umbrella stands next to parking is standing next to a parking man.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter.

Decoded sentence: woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts and a boy in a green and white shirt walking beside.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts has her hand on a white taxi, as a boy in a green and white shirt walks beside her.

Decoded sentence: woman with a black top holds a papers beside a road.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black top is holding papers beside a road.

Decoded sentence: there is a woman with a black purse and brown coat stands outside on a city street, and.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black purse and brown coat is standing outside on a city street and there 's a police car driving down the street.

Decoded sentence: woman with a black jacket and headphones standing next to a building that is under construction.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and headphones standing next to a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: woman with a black jacket and black purse looking at her cellphone down.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others.
Answer sentence: a woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others.

Decoded sentence: woman 's man 's head in front of a bus with a advertisement on the side.
Answer sentence: a woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side.

Decoded sentence: a and a woman and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a woman who looks serious and aloof and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing the street at a crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: woman giving a baby in a hospital while another is giving a other.
Answer sentence: a woman who just gave birth holding her baby in the hospital.

Decoded sentence: woman showing her daughter and a computer doing it.
Answer sentence: a woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed up a bike while holding an umbrella.
Answer sentence: a woman who is dressed up peddles on her bike while holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: woman spinning her watches as a child watches on in the background.
Answer sentence: a woman weaves yarn as a child watches on in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing sunglasses laying head on a backpack like a pillow.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses is laying her head on a backpack like a pillow.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt running on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on the beach.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a colorful round while a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a few round, colorful, chinese lanterns.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing her jeans rolling up a bus passing up a his pass to check out to check out.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing jeans and a black shirt is rolling up past a bus and carrying a shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag.

Decoded sentence: woman listening to wearing a red and white and red has a red and red on the wall.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing red flip-flops site on a wall while listening to something with headphones.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing pink pants playing a bass guitar while sitting on chair.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing pink pants is sitting on a chair and playing the bass guitar.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a heavy makeup in front of a store with a neon red sign that says `` one.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying, `` red light. ''

Decoded sentence: woman wearing green pants and wearing water on a an holding a other van on a an getting.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing green pants spraying water on her chevy van.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing glasses and a hand sits at a flat wooden surface of a young child while they.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing glasses puts her hand on the shoulder of a young child as they sit at a flat wooden surface.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing brown boots holds a red cup and is walking through an outdoor crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing brown boots and holding a red cup walks through a large outdoor crowd.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing blue pants and blue pants is bending to next to a large woman seated at a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing blue pants is bending over next to a woman and small child seated at restaurant table.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black and black hair, standing in front of wall with other writing in a background.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black with black hair is standing in front of a wall with writing in multiple languages.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black sunglasses looking to the right smiles.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black shorts and a black t-shirt stands next to a building while his t-shirt.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black shorts, a black jacket, and white t-shirt is standing arms akimbo next to a building.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black is hugging a child.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black is hugging a child.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black heels and white purse walks down a lone street with a group of people.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black heels and carrying a white purse is walking down a lone street aligned with thin trees.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black glasses and his other toddler wearing a wearing a wearing a wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing black and red and red is playing the violin in the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in the street.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing apron working.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing an apron is working.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a striped and blue top and white top is seen through pants who is seen on.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white sun visor, blue sleeveless top and white see through pants munching on food in a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white shirt and tan boots standing beside a vendor that has various beverages.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt, tan pants, and boots is standing beside a vendor cart that contains various beverages.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white shirt and sitting in a play with his mouth open while a guy looks.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt sits in a folding chair with her mouth open while several guys look on.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white shirt and short black skirt on a green surface is in a green and.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and a short, black skirt is in motion on a green, artificial surface.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white hat and white top is jumping in front of a tree.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat, white top, and orange skirt is jumping in front of some trees.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white hat and shirt jogging down the street with a plant on a plant corner.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a sweater and jeans plays a tire on a tire swing with two little children.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a woman and woman surrounded by a has a sitting resting on a has a has a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sunhat and gloves sorts oranges, surrounded by flat containers of oranges resting on a lattice work structure suspended at waist level.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing skirt reading a book on a stone bench.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a man and empty striped shirt is carrying an empty plastic bag and her plastic.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a short skirt and yellow top is standing in front of a brick building wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short skirt, yellow top, and denim jacket stands in front of a brick building covered with worn out signs.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing short dress and high heels walking in front of two men and a large bottle.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short dress and high heels walking in front of two men carrying a large bottle while walking beside a white car.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a scarf and talking to a man wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a scarf and is is is wearing a scarf.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is tailgating.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a scarf and wrapped in blue and is wrapped in blue paper.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is holding a gift wrapped in blue character themed wrapping paper.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a scarf reading a man reading a is yellow and is two on a wooden structure.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf and reading a thin book reclines on a wooden structure.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a red tank top and is cutting a half and is cutting.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red tank top is cutting a hamburger in half.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a red cloth on his head while his walking down the street in front of a blue.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a purple top and white on shorts with white shorts and a man with white shorts.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple top and white capri pants and a man with white shorts on are near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a purple sports bra and black gloves and face a `` is face ''.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple sport bra and black gloves and face protection boxes with a woman wearing a red shirt, red gloves and a black head protector in a boxing ring.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a purple dress and black boots is walking through a crowd drinking from a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress and black boots walks through a crowd drinking from a glass bottle.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a white and with a american flag is bending over an elderly person lying.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pullover with an american flag patch bends over an elderly person who is lying on the ground.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a pink and white dress with a pink dress in a busy street walking down a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink white and orange dress with braids in her hair walking down a busy street.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a pink sweater and three are in pink is in pink is woman with pink in pink.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a pink sponge.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and a green shirt sitting down with his hand next to a pole.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt is sitting down with her hand against her face next to a pile of rocks and is around kids and other adults.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron is surrounded by some of bread holding up and.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads, a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a ball and jeans sits on a couch next to a man in a maroon shirt.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pale shirt and jeans is sitting on a couch next to a man in a maroon shirt.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a and colorful striped costume and a colorful scarf in her.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a metallic headdress and costume is swirling colorful scarves around herself.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a maroon hoodie and holding a black object and is wading through the shallow.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a maroon hoodie is holding a black object as she wades through shallow water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a long green skirt is hanging up laundry on a line.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a long green skirt is hanging laundry up on the line.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a large striped shirt and woman wearing a white tank top and is walking up.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a horizontal striped shirt and a woman wearing a white tank top walk up elongated steps in an alley lined with graffiti painted walls.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a horse and tan with a cup and another in front of a scenic of a scenic of.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a headscarf is pouring liquid from one cup into another, in front of a scenic backdrop.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a hat and sunglasses sits on the ground with her purse next to her purse.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on the back.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on her back.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a hat and a woman wearing sandals looking to the left on the busy street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat and a woman wearing sandals looking to the left of them on a busy street.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a gray t-shirt and black shirt and black shirt holding light blue and light.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a gray shirt and white shorts is playing golf with a golf area which is being.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray shirt and white shorts is playing golf in a golf area that is attractively landscaped with flowers.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a full full of head and carrying bags on a head is walking through a city.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a full body head covering is carrying a bag on her head as she walks through a city while other people pass by.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing floral necklace and making a drink.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a floral head and cutting while cutting a play on the.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral head covering is cutting a thread on a loom.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing colorful women and a sewing machine on her head.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a brown dress with a matching woman is pushing a toddler through the park.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a brown dress with a matching turban is pushing a toddler through a park in his stroller.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a black winter jacket and hiking with a snowy tree that is of a small tree.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue winter jacket crosscountry skies with a small pine tree dragging behind her.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue sweater and hand sitting at a table with a colorful tablecloth.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue sweater sits at a table with a colorful tablecloth and clasps her hands together.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue skirt and high heels and green jacket walking out of a tunnel.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue skirt, high heels, a white shirt, green jacket and headband is walking out of a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy with a group of girls on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue dress and high heels is walking away from the track while on a train.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress and high heels at a train station walks away from the tracks towards a yellow upright suitcase, while a bald man in black looks on from a nearby bench.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue blouse and blue jeans is riding in a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a black leather jacket with yellow glasses standing in front of a man wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black leather jacket with yellow bra standing in front of a man wearing many necklaces.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a black jacket and white sneakers sits on a bench while wearing a red and.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket, red and white sneakers, and a red bandanna sits on a bench.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a black jacket and walking getting ready to pass down a street with a young.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket walking down the street with a young girl wearing a backpack, getting ready to pass a group of people standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while cars drive by.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing t-shirt and shorts and a is a boy and a miniature are wearing a miniature.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a t-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway.

Decoded sentence: woman washing laundry on rock and washing laundry in the river.
Answer sentence: a woman washing her laundry in the river, beating her clothes on a rock.

Decoded sentence: woman walking up a path through a group of straw on her head balancing up a path.
Answer sentence: a woman walks up a path that cuts through cultivated plots while balancing straw on her head.

Decoded sentence: woman walking down the street and walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman walks down the street while scratching her face.

Decoded sentence: woman and her as she looks along the window of a red dress in a red dress.
Answer sentence: a woman walks along a street as she looks to a window display of a mannequin in a red dress.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a red dress and red shoes is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walking while wearing a red dress and red shoes.

Decoded sentence: woman walking on the street with child on under his arms and walking on street from his.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand.

Decoded sentence: woman talking on the street as she is carrying a red and is walking on the street.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on a street talking on the phone and she is carrying a mannequin

Decoded sentence: woman walking in the street with a young boy in front of her while a man and a running.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her, and a running man behind her.

Decoded sentence: woman walking down a sidewalk beside an in a.
Answer sentence: a woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement.

Decoded sentence: woman and woman are playing with a colorful and green and green young are a outside in.
Answer sentence: a woman ventriloquist is playing with her colorful green and red dragon in a beautiful garden backdrop.

Decoded sentence: woman using a cellphone on a sidewalk with three people sitting amongst.
Answer sentence: a woman using her cellphone on a sidewalk with three people talking amongst themselves in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman is using a sewing machine to sewing on the side of the street.
Answer sentence: a woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: woman throwing a frisbee on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach.

Decoded sentence: woman talks to two women with large windows and a man in a playing with a office window.
Answer sentence: a woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.

Decoded sentence: a while a woman talks to an man to a play next to a body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water.

Decoded sentence: woman talking to three of three women.
Answer sentence: a woman talking to a group of three other women.

Decoded sentence: woman talking on cellphone with man and other men are hand on the street from an underground.
Answer sentence: a woman talking on a cellphone and a man with a mustache emerge up the stairs from an underground subway.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on steps next to her man and using a large laptop break.
Answer sentence: a woman taking a smoke break and using her laptop while sitting on some steps, next to her numerous bags.

Decoded sentence: woman taking a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat and taking her man.
Answer sentence: a woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her.

Decoded sentence: woman standing over a child drawing over a picture of a rainbow with a rainbow and brightly.
Answer sentence: a woman stands over a child who is drawing a picture of a rainbow with brightly colored makers on a piece of paper at a table.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting outside on a street.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration.

Decoded sentence: woman standing outside a store.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside a store.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a with a with a outside and wearing taking a picture and standing on a balcony.
Answer sentence: a woman stands on a balcony wearing a knee length dress taking pictures, with vines that cover the large windows.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in the road looking off at a building in the distance.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in the road looking off at the buildings in the distance.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in front of a boat while traffic one is by her.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her.

Decoded sentence: woman standing with 3 people in a store with two tables and a walking and about her coffee.
Answer sentence: a woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables, some shelves with coffee and tea for sale, and a refrigerated drink case.

Decoded sentence: woman standing outside at a sunny day wearing jeans and a tank top looking at something.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside on a sunny day looking at something wearing blue jeans and sandals and a tank top.

Decoded sentence: woman standing outside leaning against a shovel that she is in a bucket that she with a.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside leaning against a shovel which is in a bucket as she stairs at a man with a green cap.

Decoded sentence: woman preparing to get into the water while standing on a rock.
Answer sentence: a woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water.

Decoded sentence: woman crossing crossing in front of a store with her arms.
Answer sentence: a woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.

Decoded sentence: woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: woman standing by a car in a of red knit of no and black scarf in red knit balloons and.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf, black gloves and hat and red handbag.

Decoded sentence: woman while a little boy smiles as he is raising his hands while another little boy in.
Answer sentence: a woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy, as he smiles and raises his hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: woman smiling at a grocery stand while holding a green grocery stand.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles while holding several green peppers at a grocery stand.

Decoded sentence: woman smiling and she lying around as she is cleaning the floor.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles as she cleans the floor with rags while a child lies recumbent on the sofa.

Decoded sentence: woman sleeping behind a counter of a shop.
Answer sentence: a woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting outside in the sun with a jacket over her head and a rainbow with a rainbow.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting outside in the sun with a jacket over her head and a rainbow umbrella next to her.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a train between two people holding a white box close holding a white box.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a train in between two people holding a white box and closing her eyes.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting a tennis ball with his racket.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting a tennis ball with a racket.

Decoded sentence: a stand appears to be out of ice cream.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a desk labeled programmes and ice cream, the stand appears to be out of ice cream.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting and looking up at a counter.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a counter is looking up.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting with a boy in an orange is a wearing a two wearing a bikini and he is making.
Answer sentence: a woman sits with a boy in an orange hat with a cookie in his hand as he makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a gray bench beside a bottle.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a gray bench beside a bottle.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on chair against blue wall beside a tennis court.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a chair against a blue wall beside a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a bed with a stuffed camel in his lap putting her hand over and his lap.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a bed with a stuffed camel in her lap while putting her hands over her face.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in a subway station.
Answer sentence: a woman sits in a subway station.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in a group of colored is men and a child sitting in.
Answer sentence: a woman sits hidden in the dried stray awaiting an animal in the wild.

Decoded sentence: woman on a screen looking at a woman who is sitting next to a point and his one is standing.
Answer sentence: a woman sits at a desktop computer as a woman standing next to her points out something on the screen.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting alone on a park bench in the sun.
Answer sentence: a woman sits alone on a park bench in the sun.

Decoded sentence: woman seated on a subway wearing jeans and a black shirt and a black shirt with no hand.
Answer sentence: a woman seated on the subway wearing blue jeans and a black shirt with small designs has her head bent down to her knees.

Decoded sentence: woman scuba diving with a large sea and white.
Answer sentence: a woman scuba diving with a large sea turtle.

Decoded sentence: woman reading her.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in handsome homemade-looking clothing sits on a wooden step and reads brazilian author coelho.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in on to a pink costume and onlookers watching a parade dance in the.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in a tribal green and blue costume dances in a parade while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting in front of a bunch of vegetables while a woman in a woman is at a farmer.
Answer sentence: a woman s sitting in front of a bunch of vegetable in a dress while at a farmers market.

Decoded sentence: woman rides his bike down the street in the fall.
Answer sentence: a woman rides her bike down the street in the fall.

Decoded sentence: woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in winter time.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the winter time.

Decoded sentence: woman reaching out to light.
Answer sentence: a woman reaching out to lights.

Decoded sentence: woman and woman cutting hair 's hair.
Answer sentence: a woman razor cutting another woman 's hair.

Decoded sentence: woman is women through a with some of them.
Answer sentence: a woman rapels through barren treetops.

Decoded sentence: woman putting a dog in her other.
Answer sentence: a woman puts the firewood in order.

Decoded sentence: woman pushing coffee cart through a plaza.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza.

Decoded sentence: woman pushing a baby and her hand of a young child holding a young child with a white backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a baby stroller is holding the hand of a young child with a white backpack.

Decoded sentence: woman pushing child in a stroller with people on bikes.
Answer sentence: a woman pushes a child in a stroller with several people on bikes behind.

Decoded sentence: woman is using a that is.
Answer sentence: a woman purchases a spool of yarn from another woman, who is selling on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: woman preparing a plate of meat coming off of the grill talking in the background.
Answer sentence: a woman prepares a plate of meat coming directly off of a grill while people talk in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and lying on a rug and playing with a baby.
Answer sentence: a woman plays with a baby wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and lying on a patterned rug.

Decoded sentence: woman running a softball ball and caught a ball.
Answer sentence: a woman playing softball, running to catch the ball.

Decoded sentence: woman playing beach volleyball in the sand as it falls towards the sand.
Answer sentence: a woman playing beach volleyball is diving for the ball as it falls towards the sand.

Decoded sentence: woman picking up rock rock.
Answer sentence: a woman picking up a large rock.

Decoded sentence: woman opening a wide tongue to her camera while she is taking a tongue out while she is.
Answer sentence: a woman opens her eyes wide and sticks her tongue out as she holds a camera to take a picture.

Decoded sentence: woman on stage and a way behind a stage behind a gray table wearing a gray top and black.
Answer sentence: a woman on stage lit from behind standing in front of a microphone wearing a gray top and black pants with a red, white, and blue flag wrapped part way around the lower half of her body

Decoded sentence: woman on a ski going the hill up a pine tree that is carrying trees.
Answer sentence: a woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: woman on a sidewalk with luggage.
Answer sentence: a woman on a sidewalk with luggage.

Decoded sentence: woman on the shoreline wearing a and jeans and a other wearing a multicolored jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman on a shoreline wearing pale jeans and multicolored jacket, is squinting through a telescope.

Decoded sentence: woman on a couch is women.
Answer sentence: a woman on a couch is cradling a cat.

Decoded sentence: woman on a boat wearing boots and a red and shirt as she is cleaning the outside and wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman on a boat wearing a spaghetti strap shirt, red gloves and boots, points off the boat while she cleans something.

Decoded sentence: woman on a blue bike with a pink helmet and pink ride by a public area as the sun as an.
Answer sentence: a woman on a blue bike with a pink helmet rides by a public fountain as the sun rises over an urban area.

Decoded sentence: woman on a black and white and black and white and black on the has black on the balcony.
Answer sentence: a woman on a black and white hounds tooth jacket is being held by a man with black facial hair with a white striped shirt, on a balcony with a view of the city with its lights on.

Decoded sentence: woman on a man standing with a man in a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman on a segway standing with some men in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: woman next to a subway entrance in a tan coat and a woman in a pink coat and is while using.
Answer sentence: a woman next to a subway entrance in a tan coat is asking a woman in a pink coat directions.

Decoded sentence: woman painting a ladder to paint the ceiling.
Answer sentence: a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.

Decoded sentence: woman looking up from a magazine and a man sits next to her.
Answer sentence: a woman looks up from her magazine at something while the man sitting next to her keeps reading.

Decoded sentence: woman looking out and another in a blue shirt, white shirt and green is looking out.
Answer sentence: a woman looks out over the water dressed in a blue dress, white shirt, and green leafy headwear.

Decoded sentence: woman looking on as a toddler reaching up towards the sky.
Answer sentence: a woman looks on as a toddler reaches up towards the sky.

Decoded sentence: woman looking down in a an an on a an an an two parking lot with a looking and parking.
Answer sentence: a woman looks down in a steeply-angled asphalt parking lot next to a blue-roofed building.

Decoded sentence: woman looking out the window.
Answer sentence: a woman looking out a window.

Decoded sentence: woman looking at a small telescope while looking at a small telescope with a science group.
Answer sentence: a woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab.

Decoded sentence: woman looking at wood items that is on display.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at wood items that are on display.

Decoded sentence: woman looking at while looking at some work of a bus.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at a stranger through the glass of the bus.

Decoded sentence: woman leaning against a white cross and leaning against a white cross.
Answer sentence: a woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below.

Decoded sentence: woman laying on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: woman waving her is wearing some.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a sash while waving.

Decoded sentence: woman is watching a child who is in front of a chicken inside a cage.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching her child, who is in front of a chicken inside a cage.

Decoded sentence: woman watching a black dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching a black dog.

Decoded sentence: woman walking her baby with a stroller at a local park.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park.

Decoded sentence: woman walking across the street while eating a building and a man is following with a that.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.

Decoded sentence: woman waiting near the street while another woman with a backpack waiting to cross the.
Answer sentence: a woman is waiting to cross the street while another woman with a backpack stands near a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: woman is showing to show a young girl to look like a young girl looks like a young crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman is using a mirror to show a young girl what her painted face looks like while a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: woman taking a photograph while a girl stands in the foreground at the edge of the water.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: woman has something to take a picture on the fall day and has a woman 's woman 's.
Answer sentence: a woman is surprised to have her picture taken on this fall day outside spaulding 's women 's store.

Decoded sentence: woman and woman are all staring back to her man in a gray jacket outside.
Answer sentence: a woman is staring outside to a man in a gray jacket not looking back at her.

Decoded sentence: woman standing with arms crossing and looking at something.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing with her arms crossed and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a small t-shirt with a round above his head sticking out above the man.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing in a rough hewn structure with a round opening with her head sticking out above the opening.

bleu score 0.32674194184719707
