Decoded sentence: a dog in the field.
Answer sentence: a dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: all cars and all commuting commuting commuting driving away from a car.
Answer sentence: when cars are all self driving, or we move away from commuting too much as we do, these will be seen only in museums.

Decoded sentence: there are a building in the background.
Answer sentence: there are buildings in the background.

Decoded sentence: a clear sky.
Answer sentence: the sky appears clear.

Decoded sentence: a pony looks like they look like they are love.
Answer sentence: the ponies look like they love each other.

Decoded sentence: edits edited to white black photo.
Answer sentence: the photo has been edited to be black and white with splashes of color on the bikes.

Decoded sentence: a black cup sitting on a black cup and a cup is sitting.
Answer sentence: the black cup sitting on the black saucer resembles a top hat.

Decoded sentence: there are a young boy 's on dust of snow making dust to make it.
Answer sentence: snow is dusted on the young boy 's clothing making it appear that he has fallen several times.

Decoded sentence: a horse is pressing the horse to the horse in the field.
Answer sentence: one horse presses its nose to another horse in a field

Decoded sentence: a injured vehicle is jumping out of a truck while all animals are in a truck.
Answer sentence: if the animal jumps out of the vehicle, or the truck is in an accident, the animal could be injured.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a band performs on stage.
Answer sentence: a band is performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a dog in the snow.
Answer sentence: a dog in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is running through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog runs through the water.

Decoded sentence: two men having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two men are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing a drum.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the drums.

Decoded sentence: a black dog running through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog running through water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: two dogs play together.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing in the water.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a street.

Decoded sentence: two men playing hockey on ice.
Answer sentence: two men playing hockey on the ice.

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: two basketball players are oppose each other at the net.
Answer sentence: two basketball players oppose each other at the net.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is playing on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays on a swing.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing headphones is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing headphones walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a child.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: a surfer rides a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer is riding a wave.

Decoded sentence: a surfer in black wetsuit is riding a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.

Decoded sentence: a rock climber ascending.
Answer sentence: a rock climber ascends.

Decoded sentence: a person skis down a snowy hill.
Answer sentence: a person skis down a snowy hill.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a person on a bmx bike.

Decoded sentence: a person climbs rock climbing.
Answer sentence: a person is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a musical instrument.
Answer sentence: a man playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man is giving a speech.
Answer sentence: a man is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: a people of a board playing a board.
Answer sentence: a group of people playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant eating a restaurant at the restaurant.
Answer sentence: a group of people eating at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in his mouth.
Answer sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs through the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog runs through the grass.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs in the field.
Answer sentence: a dog runs in a field.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog in a field.
Answer sentence: a brown dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player takes a shot.
Answer sentence: a basketball player takes a shot.

Decoded sentence: a young adults posing for a photo at night at night.
Answer sentence: young adults posing for a photo at night, somewhat chilly outside.

Decoded sentence: woman in black shirt standing with greek in front of water with greek writing on it.
Answer sentence: women in a black shirt standing with a bottle of water in hand in front of wall with greek writing on it.

Decoded sentence: three children in helmets stand in front of a stone wall and a small helmet.
Answer sentence: woman in helmet showing three small children something in her hands, standing in front of a stone wall.

Decoded sentence: two young women are looking at a cellphone.
Answer sentence: two young women are both looking at their cellphones

Decoded sentence: two young girls are flying kites.
Answer sentence: two young girls fly a kite.

Decoded sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station.
Answer sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station

Decoded sentence: two women working on a yarn machine.
Answer sentence: two women working on a yarn machine.

Decoded sentence: two people next to a stage of a stage playing.
Answer sentence: two women next to a stage of people playing instruments

Decoded sentence: two children and a woman sit by a cart of medieval arrow while a woman sits at a cart of.
Answer sentence: two women and a child are sitting by a cart of arrows in front of a booth at a medieval fayre.

Decoded sentence: two men and two muddy men drilling.
Answer sentence: two very muddy men drilling for oil

Decoded sentence: two teenage females pose near a body of water.
Answer sentence: two teenage females are posing near a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two players of the teams playing basketball on a basketball court.
Answer sentence: two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside.

Decoded sentence: two surfers are riding a wave in the open water.
Answer sentence: two surfers are riding waves in open water.

Decoded sentence: two police bike on bikes ride.
Answer sentence: two police ride on the same bike.

Decoded sentence: two people with dogs sitting in front of the ocean.
Answer sentence: two people with a dog sitting in front of the ocean

Decoded sentence: two people sit on a bench.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two older men and a older man and an older man conversing at a kitchen table in a middle.
Answer sentence: two older men, one middle-aged women, and an older women conversing at diner table in the interior of a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two older men discuss the street on a street corner with graffiti.
Answer sentence: two older men are discussing something on a street corner with graffiti in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men are black in a black and black man.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black in a city

Decoded sentence: two men stand in the snow while one reads a paper sign and the other reads a paper.
Answer sentence: two men standing in the snow, one looking at the camera, the other reading a paper by a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.
Answer sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.

Decoded sentence: two men outside working with one hand and one hand.
Answer sentence: two men outside one working with a pole in hand.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety buckets on the roof fixing a sign while others on the roof.
Answer sentence: two men one in a safety bucket and the other on the roof are fixing a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in hi suits talk to a man in a penzance jacket talking to a rock sign.
Answer sentence: two men in hi-viz jackets are talking to a man in suit next to the penzance welcome sign that is carved into a rock.

Decoded sentence: two women in a small bike one standing next to a florescent driver and a woman on a small.
Answer sentence: two men in florescent vests are standing next to parked cars in front of a small building while one of them converses with a driver and a woman on a bike is seen riding by

Decoded sentence: two men in black boat one wearing a black boat and smoothing on a wooden boat.
Answer sentence: two men in a wooden boat, one wearing yellow and one wearing black, traveling on a smooth body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing jackets leaning on a road near a snowy road.
Answer sentence: two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road

Decoded sentence: two men cleaning the outside windows of the window.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht

Decoded sentence: two guys sitting on the floor of a green paper reading a piece of green paper.
Answer sentence: two guys sitting on the floor, with the guy in the green jacket reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two guys playing soccer looking to be playing.
Answer sentence: two guys play soccer and look exhausted

Decoded sentence: two guys in marshal cloth doing marshal art.
Answer sentence: two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing jeans and jeans try to put up a tent.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent

Decoded sentence: a girl of a girl is picking up and looking up at the ground.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing gray sweat jackets picking on the side of a busy road, one of the girls is picking up something off the ground while the other looks on.

Decoded sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by a large horse.
Answer sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by large horses.

Decoded sentence: two females are embracing each other.
Answer sentence: two females are embracing each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field playing with each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other

Decoded sentence: two dogs have one tongue out a fur and one with a brown and the dog is showing the tongue.
Answer sentence: two dogs, one with long brown fur, both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing, one dogs tongue is hanging out.

Decoded sentence: two dancers are together together in a are a dancer and a dancer is a dancer and a dancer.
Answer sentence: two dancers dance together.

Decoded sentence: two children are watching the course and the person is holding a microphone and the blue.
Answer sentence: two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone.

Decoded sentence: two children stand next to each other in front of a wall that has a photograph.
Answer sentence: two children are standing next to each other in front of a wall that has photographs on it.

Decoded sentence: two children playing a game at a fair.
Answer sentence: two children are playing a game at the fair

Decoded sentence: a toddler swings in a park at a park with a yellow sippy cup.
Answer sentence: toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.

Decoded sentence: the tiger woods is about to make a tiger.
Answer sentence: tiger woods about to make a putt

Decoded sentence: three people wearing masks sitting down.
Answer sentence: three people wearing mask sitting down

Decoded sentence: three people staying out of the sun.
Answer sentence: three people staying out of the sun

Decoded sentence: three underpants underpants their shelter are hanging from the line under a red line.
Answer sentence: three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter.

Decoded sentence: three men stand at a desk filled papers while two men in red shirts are filling out papers.
Answer sentence: three men standing at a desk, the two in long-sleeve shirts are filling out papers while the man in the red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: three bikers fixing a bike off a chain on the chain while the female male as the male watches.
Answer sentence: three males and a female watch as a biker fixes a chain that has come off his gear on his bike.

Decoded sentence: three bikers stop in a town.
Answer sentence: three bikers stop in town.

Decoded sentence: three african women in orange costumes gather in front of a yellow curtain.
Answer sentence: three african women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain.

Decoded sentence: a woman is putting a woman put on his socks.
Answer sentence: this is a woman putting her socks on.

Decoded sentence: piglet children petting a piglet.
Answer sentence: the young children are petting a piglet

Decoded sentence: two boys playing guitar.
Answer sentence: the two boys playing guitar

Decoded sentence: a dog jumps on to the couch.
Answer sentence: the dog is jumping on to the couch

Decoded sentence: a small child trying to clean the window.
Answer sentence: small long-haired child trying to clean a window.

Decoded sentence: a male talks back in a white suit is talking out a small van of a male in a parking lot.
Answer sentence: small group of 5 white males in white suits hanging out by the back of a van in a parking lot talking.

Decoded sentence: a baby and white baby sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: sleeping white baby boy on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder popping a wheelie near the water.
Answer sentence: skateboarder `` popping a wheelie '' near the water.

Decoded sentence: workers stand in a partially building partially partially partially partially.
Answer sentence: several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign

Decoded sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a green water.
Answer sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.

Decoded sentence: a large blue man in a blue shirt is leaning against a store in front of a large store while.
Answer sentence: s large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store calle d `` terrible 's ''

Decoded sentence: 25 player number number 29 player in white uniform and number 29 to catch the ball.
Answer sentence: rugby player in white number 25 uniform jumps to catch ball as opponent in green number 29 tries to stop him.

Decoded sentence: a professional motorcycle racer turning the corner.
Answer sentence: professional motorcycle racer turning a corner

Decoded sentence: people enjoying a sunny day at the beach.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a sunny day at the beach

Decoded sentence: people at the beach looking for things in the beach.
Answer sentence: people at beach looking for things in sand

Decoded sentence: people playing a carnival game.
Answer sentence: people are playing a carnival game.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball and another trying to get a ball behind.
Answer sentence: one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball

Decoded sentence: a old man pushing a cart in the street.
Answer sentence: old man pushing a cart in street.

Decoded sentence: a man is watching a man wearing a gray jacket at a family.
Answer sentence: man wearing gray jacket watching family at worship.

Decoded sentence: a man scaling a fire with a fire in his hand.
Answer sentence: man scaling wall with fire in hand

Decoded sentence: a man is operating a blue forklift.
Answer sentence: man operating a blue forklift

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on a bench holding a leash of a dog laying on the ground.
Answer sentence: man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground

Decoded sentence: a man jogging on the road in front of a big unfinished building.
Answer sentence: man jogging on a road, in front of a big unfinished building.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt climbing a rock cliff.
Answer sentence: man in red shirt climbing rock cliff

Decoded sentence: resulting in orange shorts and shorts are multiple sand castle into multiple one of him.
Answer sentence: man in orange shorts builds a sand castle, combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him.

Decoded sentence: disaster in a boat looking at a boat.
Answer sentence: man in a boat looking at a disaster.

Decoded sentence: a male in a gray sweater is playing a dart next to a red curtain.
Answer sentence: male in gray sweater plays darts next to a red curtain.

Decoded sentence: a little girl standing with his girl in the street.
Answer sentence: little girl standing with her cycle in the street.

Decoded sentence: the little boy is on a little boy.
Answer sentence: little boy looking through a telescope on playground equipment with the sun glaring off the pole his hand is on.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen.
Answer sentence: little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen

Decoded sentence: a large man in a blue shirt walking away from a large police officer next to a police officer.
Answer sentence: large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a tire on the tire of the playground.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires

Decoded sentence: a kid plays in a blue tub full of water outside.
Answer sentence: kids play in a blue tub full of water outside

Decoded sentence: a kid riding a carnival swing carnival.
Answer sentence: kids are riding a swinging carnival ride

Decoded sentence: there are visitors looking up to make a glass maker while he looks up to the background.
Answer sentence: it looks to be a glass maker heating up some glass to make something while visitors in the background watch him

Decoded sentence: a indian lady dancing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: indian ladies dancing in front of crowd

Decoded sentence: people instructed instructed in the back of a train.
Answer sentence: guy instructing people in back of train.

Decoded sentence: a girl is having fun having fun.
Answer sentence: group of girls having fun together.

Decoded sentence: four goth four people walking down the street with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: five young girls wearing headband sitting on a park bench.
Answer sentence: five young girls wearing headbands sitting on park bench

Decoded sentence: a family sits on the beach with a blue family.
Answer sentence: family sits on beach with a blue cooler.

Decoded sentence: a dog jumping for a frisbee.
Answer sentence: dog jumping for frisbee

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people walking in the street.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walking in the street

Decoded sentence: a cowboy in a cowboy horse watches as the curb watches as the parade watches.
Answer sentence: cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb.

Decoded sentence: a baseball player playing with a kid and his kid on the field.
Answer sentence: baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field.

Decoded sentence: a bald lady in the clear lab is watching him of a bald lady with a clear cup watching him.
Answer sentence: bald man in what looks like to be a lab with a lady watching as he is mixing some liquids in clear cup containers

Decoded sentence: a baby giggles giggles in his feet as he is trying to get his feet up on the couch.
Answer sentence: baby boy giggles while he tries to get up on his feet supported by a couch in a living room filled with toys.

Decoded sentence: waterski upside down a man on a board board upside by.
Answer sentence: an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board

Decoded sentence: the old lady is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: an old lady walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: the old lady and the lady is sitting at a green table whilst serving food whilst a ornate.
Answer sentence: an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an african person.

Decoded sentence: a device is holding his hand as he holds a hand to the wires.
Answer sentence: an african man and woman, they are holding hands, and he is holding a wire connected to a device.

Decoded sentence: brink with red boots walks down the street next to a street wall.
Answer sentence: adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.

Decoded sentence: a young woman on a baby riding a baby.
Answer sentence: a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders.

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a red box carrying a small red box.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a red pokemon shirt carrying a small red box

Decoded sentence: three men walk through a park outside with a blue puddle and a blue bike in a same park.
Answer sentence: a young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle.

Decoded sentence: bulky girl wearing red life jacket floating in lake.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a plate on his head and a small white band sitting at a small table with.
Answer sentence: a young child with a band-aid on his head sits eating at a small white table with a little girl eating off a yellow plate.

Decoded sentence: a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing

Decoded sentence: clever boy wearing black and white shirt with head clever down.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down

Decoded sentence: a young boy sliding on the grass in the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube

Decoded sentence: a young boy skateboarding on a platform on a skateboard platform.
Answer sentence: a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is posing inside a tractor tractor.
Answer sentence: a young boy is posing inside a tractor shovel.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is bowling at an alley bowling.
Answer sentence: a young boy is bowling at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: a young blond girl with a girl in his hand.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands

Decoded sentence: workers trying to move into a large tree wearing orange shirts and hard hats and a large.
Answer sentence: a worker is trying to move a large tree limb into the tree shredder wearing an orange hard hat and a orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: a workshop workshop with a man working on a workshop.
Answer sentence: a wood workshop with a man working on equipment

Decoded sentence: a woman with dark hair bending bending by her head and bending all towards the back of.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair in bending, open mouthed, towards the back of a dark headed toddler 's head.

Decoded sentence: woman with big cake holding up chocolate cake with a huge piece of chocolate cake in front.
Answer sentence: a woman with big earrings, holding up her prize ticket, with a huge piece of chocolate cake in front of her

Decoded sentence: a woman with a red headscarf and binoculars out of a scenic view of a scenic set set on.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red jacket and headscarf looks out over a scenic view of a bay through a set of pay binoculars on a viewing deck.

Decoded sentence: people wearing sunglasses and sitting outside of a building with sunglasses.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses sits inside of a building with several other people looking outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing heavy heavy clothing and a pink jacket is walking past a shopping shop.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress with a blue backpack and sunglasses fixing his hair.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a fancy dress and tiara on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach

Decoded sentence: a man walking in front of an outdoor mural of a man who is walking a portrait of a portrait.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.

Decoded sentence: a woman running in a race while she runs her race.
Answer sentence: a woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on

Decoded sentence: a woman walks beside the subway.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking beside a subway.

Decoded sentence: latte sit on a bench with a woman in the blue leash and a white dog and a blue dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench with a latte in her lap and a white dog on a blue leash to her side.

Decoded sentence: a woman shows two children showing something.
Answer sentence: a woman is showing two children something.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman holding a piece of wood.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a piece of wood while a man is drilling it.

Decoded sentence: a woman in black and black dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman in black dances with someone.

Decoded sentence: a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is waiting up to pull up a line in the water.
Answer sentence: a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water.

Decoded sentence: glimpse wonder taking a video game of a video game.
Answer sentence: a toddler takes his first glimpse of the wonders of video games.

Decoded sentence: mia cab with ad ad on top of it.
Answer sentence: a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it

Decoded sentence: street performer holding two young boys in front of a crowd of young boys riding high unicycles.
Answer sentence: a street performer rides a high unicycle in front of a young boy while holding two pins in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a sparsely populated with many sparsely people and a brightly lit game.
Answer sentence: a sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around.

Decoded sentence: a small black and black dog lying down in a furry rug.
Answer sentence: a small brown and black dog lying down in a furry rug.

Decoded sentence: a man sleeping in a city area.
Answer sentence: a sleeping man in a city area.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds the rail.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless man looks over a balcony platform shirtless.
Answer sentence: a shirtless man leans over a balcony looking platform.

Decoded sentence: a extremely climber and a bright orange hard hat and orange jeans and jeans are climbing.
Answer sentence: a rock climber, climbing an extremely steep rust-colored rock wall, and he is wearing a bright orange hard hat with a light attached to it in the front, sunglasses, and jeans.

Decoded sentence: a quad jumps from a dirt quad.
Answer sentence: a quad launches from a dirt jump.

Decoded sentence: wife wife getting her wedding while doing a wedding and proud on the day.
Answer sentence: a proud wife to be gets her makeup done on her wedding day.

Decoded sentence: very happy woman holding a very older baby is holding a very older baby with his mouth.
Answer sentence: a proud older woman holds a very happy baby with his mouth wide open and both are smiling at each other.

Decoded sentence: a person standing on the sidewalk next to a warm clothes and warm clothes.
Answer sentence: a person standing on the sidewalk, next to a window, wearing warm clothes

Decoded sentence: a person in pink pants playing the guitar.
Answer sentence: a person in pink pants playing a guitar

Decoded sentence: a whole person doing a whole dance off the ground as a person 's hand off.
Answer sentence: a person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand

Decoded sentence: the newborn baby boy wearing a beautiful print print print print and taking a nap on the.
Answer sentence: a newborn baby boy wearing a beautiful elephant print onesie, is taking a nap on his side.

Decoded sentence: a motorcyclist wearing a white and white uniform jumping off of control of two motorcycles.
Answer sentence: a motorcyclist wearing an orange and white uniform jumping off of his motorcycle after losing control, with two other motorcyclists racing up from behind.

Decoded sentence: people next to a road with four motorcycles parked it.
Answer sentence: a motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it.

Decoded sentence: a girl is pushing a little girl on a swing.
Answer sentence: a mom pushes her little girl on the swing.

Decoded sentence: a man with two blond children looking at a rail over a house in autumn.
Answer sentence: a man with two blond children looking at a house over a rail in autumn.

Decoded sentence: a man with a red beanie and blue shorts with her medium knee on his sand castle at the.
Answer sentence: a man with medium length hair, wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt, on one knee at the beach, sculpting a sand castle with a trough.

Decoded sentence: boiling with black hair standing at stove and stirring glass while a black boiling boiling.
Answer sentence: a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water.

Decoded sentence: a man with green arm writing on his arms.
Answer sentence: a man with green marker written on his arm

Decoded sentence: stormy with footprints clouds in the desert with a man on the desert with many clouds behind.
Answer sentence: a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds.

Decoded sentence: a man and a green collared collared shirt is sitting at the camera.
Answer sentence: a man wit a green collared shirt and a camera sits at a curb.

Decoded sentence: a man and sandals carrying sandals and sandals walking down the beach path.
Answer sentence: a man wearing sandal, walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing black and black is riding a unicycle.
Answer sentence: a man wearing black rides a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic on his face look.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing on the middle of two boys and a man jumping on the.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage wall.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing red clown is talking to a man on the street holding a red grocery stand on.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a red clown nose stand talking to a man holding groceries on a busy city street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a dark blue button up hat and a cowboy hat riding up a rodeo while a rodeo.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a dark blue button up shirt, cowboy hat, and chaps rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt is standing on the bridge and taking a picture of a bridge.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on the railroad is taking picture of the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black jacket and holding a book in front of a chalkboard chalkboard.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a black jacket stands, holding an open book in front of a chalkboard and globe.

Decoded sentence: a man walks across the tightrope.
Answer sentence: a man walks across the tightrope.

Decoded sentence: a man walking down a alleyway.
Answer sentence: a man walking down an alleyway

Decoded sentence: a man wakeboarding on a lake.
Answer sentence: a man wakeboards on a lake.

Decoded sentence: a man taking pizza out of a oven.
Answer sentence: a man taking a pizza out of an oven

Decoded sentence: a man is standing with a guitar and a guitar and guitar in a empty room.
Answer sentence: a man stands with a guitar and music stand in an empty room.

Decoded sentence: squinting women squinting with two men behind him.
Answer sentence: a man squinting with two women behind him

Decoded sentence: a man is practicing a golf disc on a portable portable practicing golf.
Answer sentence: a man practicing his putting on a portable disc golf basket.

Decoded sentence: a man leaning against a vehicle next to a fire hydrant.
Answer sentence: a man leaning against a vehicle parked next to a fire hydrant.

Decoded sentence: a man is working on a log making a shelter of reeds and constructed.
Answer sentence: a man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds.

Decoded sentence: a man prepares as others prepare as others prepare for a parade.
Answer sentence: a man is being photographed by another man while others around him are preparing for a parade

Decoded sentence: the man is behind the cart selling various items and trying to sell.
Answer sentence: a man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.

Decoded sentence: paragliding in black shorts and a white shirt is paragliding on the ocean.
Answer sentence: a man in white shorts and a black shirt is paragliding on the ocean

Decoded sentence: a man in black and black and black woman.
Answer sentence: a man in black hugs a woman in black.

Decoded sentence: a man in black shorts and a white shirt is jogging down the street while a man in a red.
Answer sentence: a man in black and a man in a red shirt and white shorts are jogging down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.
Answer sentence: a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart.
Answer sentence: a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart

Decoded sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field.
Answer sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field

Decoded sentence: a man in a green shirt is skateboarding along a skateboard covered wall in front of a blue.
Answer sentence: a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt has a back towards a woman.
Answer sentence: a man in a black shirt has his back towards a woman.

Decoded sentence: a man doing tricks on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a man doing tricks on a bmx bike

Decoded sentence: a man and woman pretending to be pretending.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of japanese temple.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman sitting on a couch smiling.
Answer sentence: a man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling

Decoded sentence: a lone hiker on the dirt trail with a lone hiker and a hat hiking on the trail in the background.
Answer sentence: a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a yellow hat is sitting in the grass with his eyes closed up to his eyes.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a yellow hat is sitting in the grass with her eyes closed and her hand up to her face.

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby

Decoded sentence: a little boy is playing at the zoo.
Answer sentence: a little boy plays at the zoo.

Decoded sentence: a small tan bulldog walking along a rocky shore of a rocky shore.
Answer sentence: a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream.

Decoded sentence: a lady wearing black with all a whistle in the middle of the whistle.
Answer sentence: a lady is wearing all black with a whistle in the middle of rollerskaters.

Decoded sentence: a kid with red shirt playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a kid with a red shirt playing basketball

Decoded sentence: a kid wearing snowshoes laying on the back on the snow.
Answer sentence: a kid wearing snowshoes and laying on his back on snow

Decoded sentence: jewish man holding jewish next to a menorah.
Answer sentence: a jewish man holds a menorah next to armed guards

Decoded sentence: a guy shaving his facial hair in the restroom.
Answer sentence: a guy shaving his facial hair in the restroom.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a suitcase between a suitcase and suitcase.
Answer sentence: a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase.

Decoded sentence: a guy enjoying a frisbee playing a frisbee.
Answer sentence: a guy enjoying a day playing frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a young man singing out a man.
Answer sentence: a group of young men sing out together.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a black umbrella.
Answer sentence: a group of women holding black umbrellas.

Decoded sentence: a people of white white tents for tents.
Answer sentence: a group of people under a white party tent.

Decoded sentence: a people sitting on the sidewalk on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting on the ground on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: a people sitting at a sporting event.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting at a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a child is standing outside a building.
Answer sentence: a group of children are standing outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a electronic asian teenager is sitting in a room waiting to be showing like a red and red.
Answer sentence: a group of asian teenagers sitting in what looks like a waiting room with blue and red chairs, show off their electronic mini cameras.

Decoded sentence: a girl is standing in a train track.
Answer sentence: a girl stands in the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: wicket in red shirts holding cricket and wicket cricket at a bowl of a bowl in front of.
Answer sentence: a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat.

Decoded sentence: a biker is talking as others talk as others talk in the water fountain on the fountain.
Answer sentence: a fountain sprays water as a biker sits in a chair talking on his cellphone, two others are present also talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a shawl reads around his shoulder and a female in a green meadow.
Answer sentence: a female wearing a shawl around her shoulders, sits upon a tree in a green meadow and reads.

Decoded sentence: a fat lady is feeding a fat daughter.
Answer sentence: a fat lady feeding her young daughter.

Decoded sentence: a dog with a black and white brown and black dog is leash to the mirror.
Answer sentence: a dog with black, white, and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror

Decoded sentence: a dog wearing a jacket is pouncing toys.
Answer sentence: a dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.

Decoded sentence: a dog is dry with a dog.
Answer sentence: a dog shakes dry.

Decoded sentence: chilling having a dog to have he observes by the two bikers.
Answer sentence: a dog chilling on a bench while he has two biker observing him

Decoded sentence: a lady performing a guitar with a guitar and acoustic guitar.
Answer sentence: a crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a ledge overlooking a beach overlooking a beach.
Answer sentence: a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach

Decoded sentence: a child sitting with a stuffed toy on the couch.
Answer sentence: a child sitting with a stuffed toy on a couch

Decoded sentence: the woman and a woman are standing up the air while wearing jeans and jeans.
Answer sentence: a child reaches up into the air as a woman stands to his left and another person is seen wearing jeans to his right

Decoded sentence: scrubbing children singing as brush bubbles in a microphone bath holding up to the yellow.
Answer sentence: a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: deposited in blue shirt and child exit from a tree onto the sand in front of palm trees.
Answer sentence: a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a girl and child wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: a child girl wearing coat

Decoded sentence: the young child is demonstrating her child while maybe the young child who is demonstrating.
Answer sentence: a child and a young adult the adult is maybe demonstrating how to do something to teach the young child

Decoded sentence: a brown dog running down a paved pathway.
Answer sentence: a brown dog running down a paved pathway

Decoded sentence: a brown dog plays with a hose.
Answer sentence: a brown dog plays with the hose.

Decoded sentence: a yellow and white dog jumping over a yellow and yellow pole.
Answer sentence: a brown and white dog jumping over a red, yellow and white pole

Decoded sentence: a black and black dog running on the shore near the beach.
Answer sentence: a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy smiling underwater.
Answer sentence: a boy smiles underwater.

Decoded sentence: a boy runs through a puddle.
Answer sentence: a boy runs through the puddle.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy and a toy in a blue shirt is playing a toy.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is playing with a toy ans another young boy in a blue shirt is watching him.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a wooden stunt on a wooden ramp beside a wooden building.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building.

Decoded sentence: three boys in black and blue jeans are pushing a small toy toy around a small pool.
Answer sentence: a boy in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pushing a toy three wheeler around a small pool.

Decoded sentence: a boy enjoying the rain shower.
Answer sentence: a boy enjoys a rain shower.

Decoded sentence: a blond man with glasses and a tank top with a blank and a man sitting next to a train.
Answer sentence: a blond-haired man with glasses and a blank tank top is sitting next to another man with glasses and headphones while sitting on a train.

Decoded sentence: a female blond female with a beverage in its mouth is listening to music and listening.
Answer sentence: a blond female, with a cigarette in her mouth and a beverage in her hand, is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a pink collar and a brown dog following across a grassy field with a brown.
Answer sentence: a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a black dog splashing in the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog splashes in the water.

Decoded sentence: a black dog stands on the steps next to a river and it stands next to dry river.
Answer sentence: a black dog is standing on a step next to a river as it shakes itself dry.

Decoded sentence: white black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in its mouth.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a tennis ball of a tennis ball in it.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis balls in it.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog wearing a red collar walking on the grass.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass.

Decoded sentence: people with blue and red with a boat on the shore.
Answer sentence: a beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore

Decoded sentence: a bald man with a brown awning stands next to a awning with a brown awning in front of.
Answer sentence: a bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning.

Decoded sentence: a bald man wearing a gun at a monitor and she is preparing to sound sound and she is preparing.
Answer sentence: a bald man monitors a woman at a shooting range, both wearing sound muffling headphones, as she prepares to fire a gun.

Decoded sentence: a bald man in a gray and black dog is jumping out whilst holding his brown sticks.
Answer sentence: a bald man in gray is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.

Decoded sentence: a baby smiles with his mom smiling.
Answer sentence: a baby smiling while playing with her mom.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands in a crowd.
Answer sentence: a african-american woman stands in the crowd.

Decoded sentence: people driving a tractor with a tractor around him.
Answer sentence: a guy driving the tractor with some people around him

Decoded sentence: a younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is riding a tractor with a dry john deere.
Answer sentence: younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding john deere tractor mover.

Decoded sentence: a young woman playing a lacrosse game of lacrosse.
Answer sentence: young women playing a intense game of lacrosse.

Decoded sentence: a young man standing and dressed in costume is standing.
Answer sentence: young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with headphones making large bubbles.
Answer sentence: young woman with headphones makes a large bubble.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a white shirt is talking to a person in a black shirt and a flat screen.
Answer sentence: young woman in a white shirt is talking to a person in a black hat, while a football game is shown on a flat screen tv in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a city park near the water water.
Answer sentence: young woman in a city park near a water feature.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a bikini top on the beach.
Answer sentence: young woman in a bikini top on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.
Answer sentence: young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.

Decoded sentence: shinning young boy wearing a red and white helmet and sneakers playing with a shins on.
Answer sentence: young right handed boy wearing a batting helmet, red top and white pant uniform with shin guards and sneakers, playing t ball on a lawn bounded on one side by an old wooden fence.

Decoded sentence: people sit on rocks beside a recreational vehicle.
Answer sentence: young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a young people in a yellow shirt prepares food food.
Answer sentence: young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food.

Decoded sentence: a young man and woman sit at a wooden table that is partially wooden to the color green.
Answer sentence: young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed ; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior.

Decoded sentence: two men with pigtails and emergency hair on their faces waiting to face a man with pigtails.
Answer sentence: young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in emergency room waiting area.

Decoded sentence: the young man wearing a jewelry is behind the counter wearing a jewelry and gazes off into.
Answer sentence: young man wearing a wear jacket is behind a counter in a jewelry store gazing off into the distance.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a driveway holding a small driveway.
Answer sentence: young man in driveway holding small package.

Decoded sentence: a young man and laying laying on concrete platform and many concrete blocks.
Answer sentence: young man and woman laying on a large concrete block platform among many other concrete blocks.

Decoded sentence: a young male in a blue and white outfit with a blue belt wrapped around a blue competition.
Answer sentence: young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition.

Decoded sentence: a young lady dressed in black and black shorts sitting at a table on a public table with.
Answer sentence: young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.

Decoded sentence: a young flag in uniform is under a flag of a different country.
Answer sentence: young individuals in uniforms are gathering under the flags of several different countries.

Decoded sentence: a young guy sitting on a curb in a white shirt and dark sandals.
Answer sentence: young guy sitting on the curb in white t-shirt, dark shorts and sandals.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with dark pink shorts climbing a bicycle in front of a pink stairs.
Answer sentence: young girl with short, dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a tropical tropical takes a picture of a tropical tree with a tropical.
Answer sentence: young girl with a point and shoot camera taking a picture of the sky with tropical trees blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young black girls wearing bathing suits and smile with pieces on their faces with their.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing two piece black bathing suit running in the water with a smile on her face.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a pink leather sweater and boots is facing the camera from the camera.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.

Decoded sentence: a young girl playing with an orange cone.
Answer sentence: young girl playing with orange cone.

Decoded sentence: a young girl playing softball with a white house in the background.
Answer sentence: young girl playing softball with white house in background

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a pink dress is playing with a ball and the ball.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a pink coat and a clown walking a young girl walking in a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink coat walking beside man dressed in clown attire and striped pants down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a pink bikini swimming with a rubber ring and a rubber ring.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink and green bikini, swimming with a rubber ring.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a blue dress dress over a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a blue jacket holding a young girl in a orange jacket.
Answer sentence: young girl in a blue jacket holding young boy in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: a young girl balancing on a part of a young girl as a young girl 's leg in front of an.
Answer sentence: young girl balances on a reclined man 's legs as part of a performance in front of an audience

Decoded sentence: defensive football player members execute the opposite team on the opposite team during.
Answer sentence: young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game.

Decoded sentence: a young blond boy in a blue shirt drinking from a container during a store container for.
Answer sentence: young dark blond-haired boy in a blue shirt, in a store during the day, drinking chocolate milk from a container and smiling.

Decoded sentence: a young child is practicing a gymnasium and practicing flags in an american gymnasium that.
Answer sentence: young children practicing karate are organized in a gymnasium facing the american flag, being watched by adults in black and yellow karate outfits.

Decoded sentence: a young child on a sled is pulling through the snow.
Answer sentence: young children on a sled are being pulled through the snow.

Decoded sentence: a young child at a martial arts competition at a art competition.
Answer sentence: young children at a martial arts competition, at a school gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: the young child learns his child and it appears to be learning asleep local.
Answer sentence: young children are learning a local custom by watching adults, and it appears to involve pretending to be asleep.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing a green hat blowing up a orange balloon.
Answer sentence: young child wearing a green hat blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: a young caucasian man in sunglasses and a heavily helmet is a heavily and a heavily bike.
Answer sentence: young caucasian man in shorts, t-shirt, helmet and sunglasses mountain biking down a heavily wooded hill.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with a backpack walking down the street.
Answer sentence: young boys with backpacks walking down a street.

Decoded sentence: a young boy playing a sport.
Answer sentence: young boys plays sports together.

Decoded sentence: galoshes boy walks in a galoshes.
Answer sentence: young boys are walking in galoshes.

Decoded sentence: a boy peering around a mat while a young girl peers and practicing art art.
Answer sentence: young boys and girls practice martial arts while being graded by peers and teachers sitting around the mats in a dojo.

Decoded sentence: waders young boy wearing fishing stand on a dock dock and fishing.
Answer sentence: young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing, other people are in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young boy standing next to a fishing rod with a fishing rod to him.
Answer sentence: young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him.

Decoded sentence: the young boy waring a blue jacket and blue jeans is running in the walkway on the cement.
Answer sentence: young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans, flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway.

Decoded sentence: a young boy handling a bike to a young boy who is handling bike and handling next to his.
Answer sentence: young boy next to a bike that 's turned upside down is handling a socket wrench set that is set next to the bike.

Decoded sentence: a young boy dressed for cold weather.
Answer sentence: young boy is dressed for cold weather.

Decoded sentence: a young boy brushing his hair 's brush.
Answer sentence: young boy brushing a baby 's hair.

Decoded sentence: a young black and black line performs a line while a young black line performing a straight.
Answer sentence: young adults wearing red, yellow, and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch.

Decoded sentence: east asian child in sports jersey in a sports field activity.
Answer sentence: young east asian children in sports jerseys in a track and field activity.

Decoded sentence: a young asian girl looking upset at an outdoor playground 's playground.
Answer sentence: young asian girl who looks upset at a children 's outdoor playground.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe of a giraffe on a giraffe giraffe due to see a tiny close to a giraffe.
Answer sentence: you can see the tiny hairs on the giraffe due to the close-up shot.

Decoded sentence: a yellow banner with a yellow print banner hangs across the sun in a neighborhood.
Answer sentence: yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: workers with rope in the street.
Answer sentence: workers with ropes in the street.

Decoded sentence: a worker wearing reflective vest working near a train car.
Answer sentence: workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car.

Decoded sentence: workers walk along a railroad tracks tunnel.
Answer sentence: workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: workers are digging a stone hole into a stone hole with a stone hole that is digging on.
Answer sentence: workers dig deeply into a rock and stone hole with tools placed on the ground before them.

Decoded sentence: workers constructing a temporary structure.
Answer sentence: workers constructing a temporary structure.

Decoded sentence: workers line up a famous tent line up in front of a famous tent that is serving customers.
Answer sentence: workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent

Decoded sentence: a intense of a volleyball olympics at the olympics.
Answer sentence: women 's volleyball at the olympics is very intense.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a long shirt playing music.
Answer sentence: women wearing long shirts playing music.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a silver wig wig a cigarette with a basket in his hand and glasses.
Answer sentence: women wearing a silver wig big glasses carrying a basket with cigarette in hand.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a bench waiting for laundry.
Answer sentence: women sitting on a bench waiting for her laundry

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting at a wall that has dark a light cabinet and a cabinet at the wall.
Answer sentence: women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.

Decoded sentence: woman on phone with graffiti mural in background.
Answer sentence: women on phone with graffiti mural in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing in a room of red and yellow and yellow ethnicity holding a dart.
Answer sentence: women of different ethnicities stand in a room, holding red and yellow darts.

Decoded sentence: a vintage machine turning a vintage machine and sewing.
Answer sentence: women manually turns a vintage singer sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: woman in red jacket with hood around bridge pushes gravel down a gravel path.
Answer sentence: women in green jacket with fur around the hood pushing red stroller down gravel path wooden bridge

Decoded sentence: woman in formal sitting on a pew.
Answer sentence: women in formal wear sitting on a pew.

Decoded sentence: a woman dressed in a exotic clothes standing on the street.
Answer sentence: women dressed in exotic clothes, standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman is looking like a woman looks like.
Answer sentence: women burning what looks like incense.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing next to a produce stand.
Answer sentence: women are standing next to a produce stand.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman in a yellow and white balloon stand on the table eating in the background.
Answer sentence: women are seated at a picnic table eating, while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman and child with a stroller in a library.
Answer sentence: women and children with strollers in a library.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a child washing clothes by a river with green clothes by.
Answer sentence: women and children washing clothes by the river with green trees by the banks.

Decoded sentence: 43 with a ponytail in a green outfit and green shoes with number 43 and a green woman on.
Answer sentence: woman with hair in low ponytail, with the number 43 on her leg, is running wearing green shoes and a green outfit.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and blue shorts taking photos of a photo on a blue leash.
Answer sentence: woman wearing blue shirt and white shorts, taking photo of two dogs ; one is a white poodle on a green leash, the other a brown hound mix breed on a neon pink leash.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing long red and a baby holds a baby with a little girl wearing front next.
Answer sentence: woman wearing a long red garment and hat, holding a baby with a little girl next to her in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: a woman is vaulting over a horse and horse.
Answer sentence: woman vaulting over a vaulting horse.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing at a table full of produce and vegetables.
Answer sentence: woman stands at a table full of vegetable produce.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing against a wall filled with an old skirt of jean shorts with a white.
Answer sentence: woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a parking lot by a vehicle.
Answer sentence: woman standing in a parking lot by vehicles.

Decoded sentence: a small woman standing near a small hut and filled with liquid.
Answer sentence: woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a bench holding a large brown and white dog.
Answer sentence: woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting in a tree with trees.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in tree with dove.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting in the grass under a field holding a large white paper and a white paper.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in the grass under a tree overlooking a field of grass and holding a large pad of white paper.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman sit in a red chair with a dressy purple arm resting on the dressy.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in a red chair with a dressy purple dress on and a book sitting on the arm rest.

Decoded sentence: a woman is outside.
Answer sentence: woman sewing outside by a green fence with graffiti.

Decoded sentence: a woman is playing a clarinet in front of two clarinets.
Answer sentence: woman plays clarinet in front of two microphones.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a clifftop trying to fly.
Answer sentence: woman on the clifftop trying to fly.

Decoded sentence: untidy on a fitness machine in a fitness house.
Answer sentence: woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house.

Decoded sentence: clue women playing a board game to make a board.
Answer sentence: woman makes a face while playing the board game clue.

Decoded sentence: a man looks out the window at a window.
Answer sentence: woman looking out the window at a man.

Decoded sentence: the woman is smiling inside of a food window smiling.
Answer sentence: woman inside of a food truck smiles out of the window.

Decoded sentence: a white man in the foreground is slightly in the foreground with a slightly slightly walk.
Answer sentence: woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for john 's pizza and gyro in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman in red windbreaker looks at rooftop rooftop at binoculars.
Answer sentence: woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red shirt is holding a infant.
Answer sentence: woman in red shirt is holding an infant.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black dress is holding a paper of paper in his hand as she is talking into.
Answer sentence: woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red sari walks down the street.
Answer sentence: woman in a red sari walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: woman in red headscarf facing the face.
Answer sentence: woman in a red headscarf covering her face.

Decoded sentence: leopard in leopard print jeans and a man in a denim print jacket walks in the opposite.
Answer sentence: woman in a leopard print outfit, walking in the street and a man in a dark blue jacket and denim jeans walking in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman in a red top and a blue band prepare in the roof.
Answer sentence: woman in a green dress with a white top and red-hair singing in a room with a blue roof while band equipment is being prepared.

Decoded sentence: woman in yellow and white striped chairs holding a paper bag that is lying in a piece of.
Answer sentence: woman in a green and white striped shit lying in a chair with a yellow bag, holding a folded piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: woman in blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.
Answer sentence: woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking down the street with a baby painted in his face painted children and.
Answer sentence: woman holds crying baby while walking down the street with children in face paint.

Decoded sentence: a woman holds a infant with his hands.
Answer sentence: woman holds a infant with both hands.

Decoded sentence: chevrolet women giving a presentation about a chevrolet car.
Answer sentence: woman giving a presentation about a chevrolet car.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a bench with a cane and a cane and a cane walking through a bench with.
Answer sentence: woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another.

Decoded sentence: a woman climbing a artificial rock wall.
Answer sentence: woman climbing an artificial rock wall.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a short coat with a woman in a coat in the view.
Answer sentence: woman by building in short coat with other building in view.

Decoded sentence: psychic women reading a small shopping woman by a shopping shop while two women wait inside.
Answer sentence: woman being given a palm reading by a female psychic while two other women wait inside of a small shop.

Decoded sentence: a woman balancing up a pie on his head looking up into the camera.
Answer sentence: woman balances a pie on her head and looks up into camera

Decoded sentence: a little girl and four little girls near the cake with candles.
Answer sentence: woman and four little girls, near cake with candles.

Decoded sentence: two children and a woman walking on a path covered in the leaves while two children are.
Answer sentence: woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves, while two people on horses come towards them.

Decoded sentence: wiffle white dog chasing a green ball through a green field.
Answer sentence: wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field.

Decoded sentence: piggy boy holding a frisbee onto a dam in a black jacket with a black dam in the distance.
Answer sentence: with the dam in the distance, the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is standing on a swing 's slide at a playground with a blue background in the.
Answer sentence: with blue slide in background, a young boy is standing on a swing 's seat at a playground.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing the winter coat is holding up the tent while the man is holding up.
Answer sentence: with a pack and ski pole on the ground, a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a yellow jacket is jumping off bales of hay in a line of hay in a tree behind.
Answer sentence: with a line of trees behind him, a boy in a yellow jacket is shown jumping off a hay bale in different positions in his jump.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a stick stick is standing between the facade of a building in the background.
Answer sentence: with a building facade in the background, a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful man is carrying a blue mountain with a beautiful green and white sky and a.
Answer sentence: with a beautiful blue sky and green mountains in the background, a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt wades through the shallow, clear waters carry something white.

Decoded sentence: a chinese window outside a chinese restaurant.
Answer sentence: window washers outside a chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a yellow woman with a yellow top and yellow shorts throwing a dirt on a dirt road with.
Answer sentence: white woman with yellow top and white shorts on a dirt road with some trees in the background about to throw a stick.

Decoded sentence: a white male squirting a cigarette and smoking a cigarette while smoking beer in the woods.
Answer sentence: white male squirting lighter fluid on charcoal grill coals while drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette in the woods.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog going down the trail in a wooded area.
Answer sentence: white dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area

Decoded sentence: a man is flying up a little boy and water flying up in the air.
Answer sentence: while water droplets fly, a man throws a little boy up in the air.

Decoded sentence: a spectators watch as spectators watch about the tennis to spectators.
Answer sentence: while spectators watch she plays tennis, dressed in white.

Decoded sentence: seated man wearing a blue shirt and long multicolored pants and a gray bandanna blows on.
Answer sentence: while seated on a chair, a man wearing a blue shirt, gray pants, multicolored bandanna, and no shoes is blowing through a long tube.

Decoded sentence: two young boys in red trunks stand on the water of two children and a man and a blond boy.
Answer sentence: while everyone is standing in a body of water outside, a young blond boy in red trunks is standing on the shoulders of two children while another child, a woman and a young man watch

Decoded sentence: else at a very roller coaster and the lady has fun very else on her roller coaster.
Answer sentence: while everybody else is having fun on a roller coaster ride, one lady at the very front seat seems too scared.

Decoded sentence: a wet girl in a yellow swimsuit looks over a cliff in the water and a wet cliff.
Answer sentence: wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.

Decoded sentence: a wet brown dog jumping out of the water.
Answer sentence: wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.

Decoded sentence: welder flying sparks flying work at night.
Answer sentence: welders working at night with sparks flying.

Decoded sentence: drama men are seen in a bright yellow costume of a historical and yellow and yellow costumes.
Answer sentence: we see a shot of a korean historical drama with a man in bright red and yellow costume is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: the goalie water shot is ready for the incoming water.
Answer sentence: water polo goalie readies himself for an incoming shot.

Decoded sentence: a vintage street rifle with soldiers and soldiers holding victory gear marching in victory.
Answer sentence: wwii victory day parade with soldier marching down street, dressed in vintage gear and holding rifles.

Decoded sentence: a woman possibly people watching to check a woman who seems to be watching a village.
Answer sentence: village people are watching a woman who seems to be checking her messages possibly on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: various people walking down a sidewalk lined with tan tan buildings and tan trees.
Answer sentence: various people are walking down a sidewalk lined with trees and a tan stone building.

Decoded sentence: twp children are digging a hole in the dirt.
Answer sentence: twp children dig holes in the dirt.

Decoded sentence: two young boys stand outside with a tree covered trash and a trash behind them and a tall.
Answer sentence: two young, barefooted boys are standing outside next to an area covered with trash ; behind them are tall, green trees and shrubs.

Decoded sentence: two young white males are outside in a white and white male in a white male is white.
Answer sentence: two young, white males are outside near many bushes.

Decoded sentence: two young women walking together.
Answer sentence: two young women walking.

Decoded sentence: two young women walking together.
Answer sentence: two young women walking slowly.

Decoded sentence: two young women sitting at an outdoor table looking at what looks to be a young woman with.
Answer sentence: two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.

Decoded sentence: two young women wearing a green shirt and one wearing a green shirt with a gray race machine.
Answer sentence: two young women running, one wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a gray shirt with a race tag `` 5028 '' with an ambulance and a coca-cola machine in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young women look into two young women with one of them on the face.
Answer sentence: two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.

Decoded sentence: two young women in black pants and white pants sit on electrical electrical electrical.
Answer sentence: two young women in black pants and white shirts sit on an electrical box and talk.

Decoded sentence: two young women are examining a booth at an outdoor yellow outdoor booth booth.
Answer sentence: two young women examine the wares at a well-stocked outdoor bakery booth under a yellow umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young brunette dancers wearing similar colors are occupied a dance similar while a.
Answer sentence: two young women dancers, one brunette and one blond, wearing similar red and black costumes and occupying a similarly colored `` dance cage '', entertain a gathering crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young women celebrating wine with wine and birthday.
Answer sentence: two young women celebrating a birthday with cake and wine.

Decoded sentence: two young women talk with a young man in a wheelchair and a woman and two young women.
Answer sentence: two young women are talking with a young man in a wheelchair, while two other young men look on.

Decoded sentence: two young women sit at a table and they eat.
Answer sentence: two young women are smiling while they sit at a table and eat.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing jeans are jumping in the air while a girl wearing a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two young teenage girls, both wearing jeans, are holding hands and simultaneously jumping in the air in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two young people are serving food.
Answer sentence: two young people serve food.

Decoded sentence: two young people dressed in bikini bikinis are approaching a feathered bikini in a red.
Answer sentence: two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.

Decoded sentence: two young men in black pants and light one with a black light tangled up in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two young men, one dressed in black, and the other with a black shirt and light pants, in an urban setting posing, tangled up with a football in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: three young men on a back of left looking toward the camera while walking toward the camera.
Answer sentence: two young men walk toward the camera, with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction.

Decoded sentence: two young men are playing hockey hockey on an indoor net while a referee looks on.
Answer sentence: two young men play roller hockey on an indoor rink while a referee looks on near the goal net.

Decoded sentence: two men in green tops have one man on the other are tossing a piece of material on the.
Answer sentence: two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material.

Decoded sentence: two young men jumping over a big log jump log.
Answer sentence: two young men jumping over two big wood logs.

Decoded sentence: two young men in a living room are jumping in the air while facing each other while holding.
Answer sentence: two young men in a living room holding hands while facing each other, jumping in the air and kicking their legs back.

Decoded sentence: two young men hold large third ball while it over it.
Answer sentence: two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it.

Decoded sentence: two young men dressed in matching tank tops stand for a pair of transportation as a man.
Answer sentence: two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young men clutch rags in their hands as a large rag cross them telling hands.
Answer sentence: two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross.

Decoded sentence: two young men having a good time.
Answer sentence: two young men are having good time.

Decoded sentence: two young women and a woman stand at the back of a blue truck with a blue truck smiling.
Answer sentence: two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies walk on a street street while one lady is texting on the street and the.
Answer sentence: two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies taking pictures in a digital camera.
Answer sentence: two young ladies review the pictures taken in their digital camera.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies in black shoes are walking through an urban area while an older lady is.
Answer sentence: two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them.

Decoded sentence: two young kids are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two young kids are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two young girls stand in a crowd and one is holding a brown word top and a crowd holding.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one in a white top and shorts the other in a brown flowered top and white shorts, holding a drawing with the word yo-yo on it, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young blond girls and a brunette jump drenched on a green couch in a bright room.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one blond and the other brunette, jump on a green couch in a bright, sun drenched room.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with sponges act to sponges act and act as referee.
Answer sentence: two young girls with sponge bats being to play while an older girl is acting as the referee.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with coats hugging in the middle of the winter.
Answer sentence: two young girls with coats on hugging in the middle of winter.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing hijab are standing in a dirt courtyard while one has a hijab looking.
Answer sentence: two young girls wearing hijabs stand in a dirt courtyard, one has her arms folded and looks away the other is staring into the camera with her hands on her hips.

Decoded sentence: two young girls laying down and listening to face they are listening to a camera near a.
Answer sentence: two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an ipod near a folding chair and several purses.

Decoded sentence: two young girls braiding while one young girl sitting in chair and one is sitting.
Answer sentence: two young girls are together, one is sitting in a chair and braiding the other 's hair.

Decoded sentence: two young girls talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two young girls are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two young girls sit in a living room playing a video game and video for a soft drink.
Answer sentence: two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are playing in a forest while 2 girls are playing a younger tree and the.
Answer sentence: two young girls are playing in the forest ; the younger one is climbing a short tree and is about 2 feet off the ground.

Decoded sentence: two young girls round a small round area run into a round area and looking into a water.
Answer sentence: two young girl jumps into a small, round area of deeper water while a young boy looks on while running past.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are playing and one climbing up a small tree.
Answer sentence: two young girl are playing near a small tree, and one has climbed up into the branches.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing floatation vests and they ride in a boat fair.
Answer sentence: two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.

Decoded sentence: two young children wearing blue shirts and one wearing a blue shirt climb on a tree in.
Answer sentence: two young children, one wearing a blue shirt and something on their head climbing a tree standing in front of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two young children playing outside.
Answer sentence: two young children playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps having a baseball cap out.
Answer sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sit outside in a winnie daylight wearing daylight costumes hour.
Answer sentence: two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing winnie the pooh and animal costumes.

Decoded sentence: two young boys practicing karate for a karate.
Answer sentence: two young boys practicing the art of karate.

Decoded sentence: two young boys playing besides rocks into the lake.
Answer sentence: two young boys play besides a lake, throwing rocks into the water.

Decoded sentence: two young boys in white tank shirts look in shirts and one looks like they like landfill.
Answer sentence: two young boys one in a white tank top and the other one in striped shirt in what looks like a landfill dump.

Decoded sentence: two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.
Answer sentence: two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two young boys giggling at a life.
Answer sentence: two young boys giggling at life.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in white and white uniforms compete with each other on the background.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in white karate uniforms compete with each other while a man looks on from the background.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking in a boy.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.

Decoded sentence: two young boys walk over a wet pavement while one holds a wet umbrella over his head.
Answer sentence: two young boys are walking over a wet section of pavement, one is holding a hat over his head, the other is holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sit next to a fruit cart holding various fruits and apples that are holding.
Answer sentence: two young boys are smiling while sitting next to an organized fruit cart that holds apples, grapes, plums, and various other fruits.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sit in a canoe while one canoe holding a medium sized fish.
Answer sentence: two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing with a camera and play behind them on a city street.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing with a can on a city street, there is camera equipment behind them.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are climbing over a vehicle in a vehicle.
Answer sentence: two young boys are climbing over the seat in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two young father climbing behind a old father that is climbing a close close with his father.
Answer sentence: two young barefooted girls are climbing an old lava flow with their father and mother following close behind.

Decoded sentence: two young boys and a female are on opposite are singing and playing music.
Answer sentence: two young adults of opposite gender are playing music, the boy is on the drums and the female is singing.

Decoded sentence: injuries fixing a ride after one arm as others fix to fix.
Answer sentence: two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.

Decoded sentence: two wrestlers are on a mat in mainly one wearing a red and one wearing a blue position.
Answer sentence: two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position.

Decoded sentence: two workers working on a rooftop looking over a town.
Answer sentence: two workers, working on a rooftop, looking over a town.

Decoded sentence: two workers in uniform are standing next to a heavy machinery.
Answer sentence: two workers in uniform are standing next to some heavy machinery.

Decoded sentence: two workers in hard hats and hard hats stand near a concrete block of a yellow block.
Answer sentence: two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: two workers in aprons are wearing aprons.
Answer sentence: two workers in a store are wearing aprons.

Decoded sentence: two workers in a restaurant bbq restaurant.
Answer sentence: two workers in a mongolian bbq restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two workers holding up a tree looking around while working up with two trees.
Answer sentence: two workers holding up the tree look around, while the other two work hard with their shovels.

Decoded sentence: two workers wearing hard hats and hats descend a descend into a floor.
Answer sentence: two workers are wearing hard hats while one of them begins to descend into a floor hatch.

Decoded sentence: two workers are on a cherry picker and one with a cherry picker and the camera cherry harnesses.
Answer sentence: two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: two workers cleaning the window with bystanders and bystanders in the background.
Answer sentence: two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and dark hats are waving a wave to the other.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing white shirts, colorful scarfs, white gloves, dark sunglasses and hats, wave to others.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing black shirts with gray and white shirts and black striped shirts taking.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing a black shirt with a gray cardigan and a white and black striped shirt, are smiling at the camera that took the picture of them, with three people standing in the background, two men wearing a green and square patterned shirt, and part of a woman.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing black and black are playing a violin and a concert.
Answer sentence: two women, one wearing red and one wearing black, playing violins at a concert.

Decoded sentence: two women and a white rimmed skirt converse in the other longer in the green skirts with.
Answer sentence: two women, one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt, the other in a longer navy skirt, converse with each other.

Decoded sentence: two women riding a water slide while one in a dark colored clothing is sliding a water.
Answer sentence: two women, one in a dark colored clothing and one in light colored clothing, rides a water slide.

Decoded sentence: two women are jumping in mid hit one court and she hit the ball with the ball.
Answer sentence: two women, one caught in mid jump as she hits the ball with a racket, play tennis on a court.

Decoded sentence: two women in winter jackets ride on a snow covered mountain lift while riding on a snow.
Answer sentence: two women, in winter jackets and snow pants, riding on a chair lift through snow covered mountains.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing glasses and clarinets are playing instruments while a elderly woman is.
Answer sentence: two women, both wearing glasses, are playing clarinets and an elderly woman is playing a stringed instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women with hairnets and a man with a blue object working over a unknown object.
Answer sentence: two women with stethoscopes and a man with a blue hairnet on working tedious over an unknown object or person.

Decoded sentence: two women with dark hair play chess at a table while a woman plays.
Answer sentence: two women with dark hair play chess at a table while standing.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair standing in a store with a baby in a black stroller in a stroller.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair wearing flower leis standing in a store with a baby in a baby stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair and purple umbrellas walk on the street carrying umbrellas.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair are walking on the street, carrying a purple umbrella over their head.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses and sunglasses waving their buildings and a wave.
Answer sentence: two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses are standing up by side of the road holding up a road with.
Answer sentence: two women wearing sunglasses are standing by the side of the road and the one wearing a skirt is holding up a stop sign with the word eating taped to it.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats pose in the flowers.
Answer sentence: two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing green shirts get off a tour bus.
Answer sentence: two women wearing green shirts are getting off a tour bus.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing colorful shirts and skirts are dancing in a dirt center in the dirt center.
Answer sentence: two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women, who are clapping.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing backpacks are walking toward the camera along the sidewalk wearing backpacks.
Answer sentence: two women walking toward the camera along a sidewalk while wearing a backpack and showing midriff.

Decoded sentence: two women walking down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walking down the street

Decoded sentence: two women walk down a busy street while a man passes each other in orange shirts.
Answer sentence: two women walking down a busy street talking to each other, passing a man in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down a busy street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a busy street together.

Decoded sentence: two women talk and talk while laughing.
Answer sentence: two women talk and laugh while people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two women standing in front of an open door that is helping two younger women dressed in.
Answer sentence: two women standing in front of an open door, the older woman is helping to dress the younger one.

Decoded sentence: two women stand by a very ornate hallway that says high and a ornate hallway stands high.
Answer sentence: two women stand by a large series of signs which say `` le cafe marley '' in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling.

Decoded sentence: two women and a white woman and a pink and white woman squatting on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women squatting on the sidewalk looking at plants, one in black shirt, shorts and pink sandals, the other in a white shirt, black shorts talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: pushers one of a jean and two with a jean shirt and jean are sitting down under a tent.
Answer sentence: two women sitting under a tent, one with shirt red-hair, dark clothes drinking and the other laying down playing the guitar in a green top and jean peddle pushers both barefoot.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women sit on rocks in a beach while they seem to be digging for the sand with the beach.
Answer sentence: two women sit on the beach in holes seem to be digging for something with rocks and sand all around them.

Decoded sentence: two women sit on a block underneath an umbrella.
Answer sentence: two women sit on blocks underneath an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting on a couch and one is holding a baby and the other sitting.
Answer sentence: two women sit on a couch while one holds a baby and the other is being handed a dog by another woman.

Decoded sentence: two children sit in attention while a woman in the street is getting the attention of the.
Answer sentence: two women sit in chairs while a child in the street gets the attention of the camera.

Decoded sentence: two women run down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women run down the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women amidst a futon and a woman are relaxing at an array on a home pile wall with.
Answer sentence: two women relax at home on a futon-style couch amidst pillows and a pile of clothing, with an array of photographs on the wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women playing musical instruments and one is playing musical and one is playing a violin.
Answer sentence: two women playing musical instruments ; one plays violin and the other play a wind instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women look over at a chinese store store chinese.
Answer sentence: two women looks over an item at a chinese convenience store.

Decoded sentence: two pabst pabst blue ribbon are sharing each beer as each conversation of pabst pabst beer.
Answer sentence: two women laugh and share conversation while each of them holds a can of refreshing pabst blue ribbon beer.

Decoded sentence: two women kneeling around a couch of a demonstration of footrest observing a third demonstration.
Answer sentence: two women kneeling around the footrest of a couch observing a third woman 's demonstration of a device.

Decoded sentence: two women leaning down a sidewalk in front of a lake that lake with a person leaning on.
Answer sentence: two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake. with another person

Decoded sentence: two women jogging down the street.
Answer sentence: two women jog down the street.

Decoded sentence: two women involved in preparation or bags of yellow bags.
Answer sentence: two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags.

Decoded sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth.
Answer sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth.

Decoded sentence: two women in research library are helping a woman in a library.
Answer sentence: two women in library the librarian assist the other women to help in her research.

Decoded sentence: two women in headwraps hurry past an two bus.
Answer sentence: two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts are exiting a vehicle.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts are exiting a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts are holding attention while a woman holds a attention to do attention.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts and brunette hair seem to have their attention held by someone or something.

Decoded sentence: two women in yellow and white costumes with yellow costumes walk along a stage with leaves.
Answer sentence: two women in green and yellow costumes with white sleeves put up their hands and smile while walking along a brown stage with leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women in colorful dresses watch a colorful water.
Answer sentence: two women in colorful dresses are sweeping water out of the street while a man watches.

Decoded sentence: two women in coats walk in a park area.
Answer sentence: two women in coats are walking together in a park area.

Decoded sentence: two women in brightly colored shirts sit beside a stone trail on a stone trail beside a.
Answer sentence: two women in brightly colored tee-shirts and hats sit beside a black backpack on a stone bench beside a dusty trail.

Decoded sentence: two women in black and blue and having fun laughing.
Answer sentence: two women in black and blue clothes laughing and having fun.

Decoded sentence: two women in dark blue and blue jackets are on a sidewalk behind them and giant giant blue.
Answer sentence: two women in a light blue and a dark blue jacket walking in a crosswalk and a fake giant rat is on the sidewalk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women in renaissance clothing perform on stage.
Answer sentence: two women in renaissance clothing are performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two women hugging each other.
Answer sentence: two women hugging each other.

Decoded sentence: two women holding shopping bags and having shopping bags.
Answer sentence: two women holding shopping bags are standing outside having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two women having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women having a metropolitan in a busy metropolitan area.
Answer sentence: two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in black pants and white pants are positioned backdropped with a white.
Answer sentence: two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: two women adorned hats pose with flowers and pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: two women donning hats adorned with flowers pose for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women discussing topic at a library.
Answer sentence: two women discussing a topic at the library.

Decoded sentence: two women dancing on a walkway with a band walking in the background.
Answer sentence: two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by

Decoded sentence: two women crossing the street with a giant cross in the background.
Answer sentence: two women crossing the street with a giant rat in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women carrying grains on their heads.
Answer sentence: two women carrying grain on their head.

Decoded sentence: two women buying baked goods from a market at a market.
Answer sentence: two women buying baked goods from a man at a market.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and black pants sit on a sidewalk on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women both wearing white shirts and black pants, one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses and sunglasses food.
Answer sentence: two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food.

Decoded sentence: two women wait outside somewhere while a man in black is carrying a large bouquet of flowers.
Answer sentence: two women are waiting outside a building while a man in black carries a large bouquet of flowers somewhere.

Decoded sentence: two casually one on a blue stand casually one in a blue hat and checking his left.
Answer sentence: two women are standing with a young boy in a blue hat, and the one on the left is casually checking her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two women standing on a boat looking at water.
Answer sentence: two women are standing on a boat looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two women standing in the snow with orange cones looking towards the shape tower.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light.

Decoded sentence: two women stand in a store with a baby in blue and blue.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in a store with a baby in a blue stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women appear to be listening to they are listening to a portable device.
Answer sentence: two women are smiling as they appear to be listening to portable music devices.

Decoded sentence: two women sit in chairs back back to shoulders wings and shoulders.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting in rose-colored wing back chairs as one points over her shoulder at a colorful human figure.

Decoded sentence: two women are playing keyboard under a tent lit at night.
Answer sentence: two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.

Decoded sentence: three women and two men are walking on a dirt trail.
Answer sentence: two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail.

Decoded sentence: two women making hands 's hand.
Answer sentence: two women are hand-crafting something or making clay pottery.

Decoded sentence: two women drink from yellow cups drinks.
Answer sentence: two women are drinking from yellow cups and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two women crossing the street smiling.
Answer sentence: two women are crossing the street and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two men and a woman brushing out a weeds of weeds after a yard.
Answer sentence: two women and a man removing brush weed out of their yard after a storm.

Decoded sentence: two men and a woman in a studio looking at large studio.
Answer sentence: two women and a man in a studio looking at a large portrait of cher.

Decoded sentence: two women and a woman dressed in red clothing are gesturing to the man in a red dress and.
Answer sentence: two women and a man dressed in victorian era clothing ; the man is gesturing to the women in the red dress.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing medieval wind wind hats and gold and red wind wind.
Answer sentence: two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats are playing wind and brass instruments.

Decoded sentence: two children and a woman celebrating at a nighttime party.
Answer sentence: two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.

Decoded sentence: two women with headdresses talking in a two kind of headdresses in the foreground and headdresses.
Answer sentence: two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats and hats get pictures of liberty in liberty.
Answer sentence: two woman wearing statue of liberty hats get their picture taken in a subway.

Decoded sentence: two women in a frisbee playing frisbee as one of which is catching a frisbee.
Answer sentence: two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.

Decoded sentence: two women in brown coats in the front of a picture of a woman walking toward a picture.
Answer sentence: two woman in brown coats in the background of a woman walking toward the front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: two women at a conference 's convention.
Answer sentence: two woman at a professional conference or convention.

Decoded sentence: two reflecting the side on the side of a building are cleaning.
Answer sentence: two window-washers clean windows on the side of a building, reflected in the blue-tinted glass.

Decoded sentence: two white men and two men are laughing on horses and laugh.
Answer sentence: two white people are laughing on horses while a dark-skinned man stands around in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed with red and white uniforms are competing with tae onlookers watch and.
Answer sentence: two white men dressed in white and black tae kwon do uniforms, competing with each other on a green and red matt while a team of onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.
Answer sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two young boys and a big white carpet are playing with lego shaped balls on the carpet.
Answer sentence: two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that 's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.

Decoded sentence: two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside.
Answer sentence: two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people.

Decoded sentence: two people are going away from a camera in a sandy vehicle with a younger region driver.
Answer sentence: two vehicles or trailers going away from the camera in a sandy region, with a driver on each and two people in the back who each appear younger, looking in the direction of one another.

Decoded sentence: two older male wearing fur and a woman wearing a fur coat holding a book.
Answer sentence: two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera, the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing plaid shirts and one wearing a plaid shirt and other bibs are seated in.
Answer sentence: two toddler boys, one in a plaid shirt, the other wearing a t-shirt and bib, are seated in yellow chairs embedded in a table.

Decoded sentence: two trestle men are relaxing on a couch near a wooden table and coffee with coffee on it.
Answer sentence: two tired-looking men relax on a couch near a wooden trestle table with a coffee cup on it.

Decoded sentence: two children rest on a couch at a art couch and two adults are resting.
Answer sentence: two tired children rest on couches at an art museum while the adults around them view the art.

Decoded sentence: two terriers running in a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two terriers running in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two teens are near a tiled street booth that is standing on a tiled street.
Answer sentence: two teens are near a fast food booth painted blue, while standing on a tiled street.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls wearing white jerseys and one playing soccer while others are playing.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls, one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey, playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls are jumping in a yard yard while holding each other with two right teenage.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls jumping in a yard, with a two story brown building in the background, while holding each others right hand.

Decoded sentence: two teams are playing football while one in a blue and white team is playing a football.
Answer sentence: two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing soccer match in a blue and white team of a soccer match in the.
Answer sentence: two teams of young children, one in blue and white, the other in green and white, playing soccer in a unisex match.

Decoded sentence: two teams compete in a basketball game.
Answer sentence: two teams compete in a basketball game.

Decoded sentence: two teams are watching a usa team from a usa team while five from the usa team are jumping.
Answer sentence: two teammates from the usa team are jumping in the air to give high-fives while two teammates watch.

Decoded sentence: two swimmers competing in a swimming competition.
Answer sentence: two swimmers competing in swim competition.

Decoded sentence: two swan swans in the water.
Answer sentence: two swans swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: two surgeons are performing surgery.
Answer sentence: two surgeons performing a surgery.

Decoded sentence: two students have a conversation on the side of a concrete wall that has a common conversation.
Answer sentence: two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall, which has a common sitting are on the other side.

Decoded sentence: two mouse two mice are looking at a stadium adorned with ears back from a stadium.
Answer sentence: two spectators are adorn with mickey mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing camouflage are getting food as two people from white stand behind a.
Answer sentence: two soldiers wearing camouflage are getting food from a woman in white as two people in white stand behind a counter watching.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers stand next to a building holding a puzzle of puzzle and a puzzle game.
Answer sentence: two soldiers stand next to a truck holding packages of games, puzzles and building blocks.

Decoded sentence: two women at a red event watch a woman in a red shirt leaning over a event while a soldier.
Answer sentence: two soldiers at an event center are watching a woman in a red shirt do push ups while another soldier leans over here.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players wearing white uniforms are reaching by the first one wearing a white.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one wearing a white uniform and the other in red, try to reach the soccer ball first.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players wearing red team are going for the bleachers while one wearing a red.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one from a team wearing red and the other wearing white, are both going for the soccer ball, while people on the bleachers watch.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players are trying to get control of the ball to get the ball before the opposing.
Answer sentence: two soccer players from opposing teams trying to get control of the ball before the other player does.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a red striped outfit is painting a small piece of street with a small yellow.
Answer sentence: two small girls, one in a blue and violet dress, the other in a red striped outfit are painting with red and yellow on a piece of canvas in the street.

Decoded sentence: two small figures are dwarfs dwarfs large large construction.
Answer sentence: two small figures are dwarfed by a large construction site.

Decoded sentence: two small dogs run across the green grass.
Answer sentence: two small dogs run across the green grass.

Decoded sentence: two african children with brightly brightly dresses sit on a stone floor.
Answer sentence: two small brightly dressed african children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor.

Decoded sentence: two sisters visiting a farm and looking into the camera.
Answer sentence: two sisters hugging while visiting a farm and looking into the camera.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men shirtless on scaffolding.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men balance on scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men sparring shirtless in a line of a man in a black shirt and shorts watching.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men are sparring while a line of men in white shirts and black shorts watch.

Decoded sentence: two women and one wearing a black top and white pants and a white pair on separate bushes.
Answer sentence: two separate women, one wearing a white top and black pants, the other wearing all black and a pair of pink flip-flops, kneel on a gray brick sidewalk path in front of green and red bushes.

Decoded sentence: two birds on the foreground water holding a water water while holding seagulls.
Answer sentence: two seagulls on water, foreground bird has object held in beak.

Decoded sentence: two scuba divers wearing white shirts and white equipment along with their feet on their.
Answer sentence: two scuba divers underwater wearing white shirts and scuba equipment along with fins on their feet.

Decoded sentence: two runners with black shirts wearing black shirts.
Answer sentence: two runners with marathon tags wearing black shirts.

Decoded sentence: two rock performers on stage performing a crowd in front of a crowd performing.
Answer sentence: two rock and roll performers on stage playing their guitars performing in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two speed cars racing around a track.
Answer sentence: two race cars speed around a track.

Decoded sentence: two businessmen having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two professional businessmen having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two postal workers with goods smile with goods.
Answer sentence: two postal workers handle canned goods with a smile.

Decoded sentence: two police are on horses on two horses.
Answer sentence: two police are on patrol on two horses.

Decoded sentence: two players in blue and white football uniforms are squatting down on a field.
Answer sentence: two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.

Decoded sentence: two players are hustle during a soccer game.
Answer sentence: two players hustle during a soccer game.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players are throwing off a puck while the referee is throwing the puck onto.
Answer sentence: two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice.

Decoded sentence: two bicycles repairing a bicycle.
Answer sentence: two persons repairing their bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people sit in a orange suit and one wearing a blue suit is sitting in the audience.
Answer sentence: two people, one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience.

Decoded sentence: two people walking on a bench and one in a gray bench looking over a path and one in the.
Answer sentence: two people, one in gray and one in white, sitting on a bench by a walking path looking over a field at a forest during autumn.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in red are dancing.
Answer sentence: two people, dressed in red, dancing.

Decoded sentence: two people working on a assembly line.
Answer sentence: two people working on an assembly line.

Decoded sentence: two people with hard hats standing on a brick wall.
Answer sentence: two people with hard hats on standing on a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two people with dreadlocks.
Answer sentence: two people with dreadlocks.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks are standing in a crowd of people taking pictures of the crowd.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks take a picture of something high above them, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks are hiking up a dirt path next to a rocky tree.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks hike up a rocky dirt path next to a conifer tree.

Decoded sentence: two red football uniforms are playing in a football or red and white uniform while the.
Answer sentence: two people wearing blue, red, and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play.

Decoded sentence: people carrying two backpacks walking down a dirt trail with backpacks looking at their.
Answer sentence: two people walking down a dirt trail with backpacks on looking at items they are carrying.

Decoded sentence: two people walking in a nature area.
Answer sentence: two people walk outside in a nature area.

Decoded sentence: two people are talking at a car and talk with many way around.
Answer sentence: two people talk at a cross way with many cars parked around.

Decoded sentence: two people taking pictures of a beautiful scene by by a scene.
Answer sentence: two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are taking a scene out in a canyon as they are taking a canyon.
Answer sentence: two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon.

Decoded sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.
Answer sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.

Decoded sentence: two people standing in front of flowers covered with red flowers overhead.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead

Decoded sentence: two people standing in front of a yellow building with graffiti painted of the graffiti.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of a yellow building with a painted mural of an athlete, a rock group, and graffiti.

Decoded sentence: two people standing at the edge of the snow covered edge.
Answer sentence: two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting looking at water.
Answer sentence: two people sitting out looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on top of a river overlooking a river.
Answer sentence: two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on a bench in front of a huge woman with long hair and a huge necklace.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench in front of a picture of a woman with long, messy hair and a huge diamond necklace.

Decoded sentence: two handicapped sit in the eyes and one handicapped eyes touching the handicapped seated.
Answer sentence: two people sit in handicapped seats, one touching her ear while the other touches her eyes.

Decoded sentence: two people are signs books.
Answer sentence: two people signing books.

Decoded sentence: two people planting farm seeds on a farm.
Answer sentence: two people seem to be planting seeds on a farm.

Decoded sentence: two people riding a train.
Answer sentence: two people ride the train.

Decoded sentence: two colorfully ridding a bicycle decorated bicycle.
Answer sentence: two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people are posing for a card to a card that says picure and pose.
Answer sentence: two people pose for a picure holding a card that says `` know what this is ? ''

Decoded sentence: two people playing foosball.
Answer sentence: two people play foosball.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing suits set in front of a crowd on the steps of the steps.
Answer sentence: two people performing in front of a crowd on a set of steps while wearing foil suits.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in black with boots are standing on a lake with a yellow bird approaching.
Answer sentence: two people one person dressed in yellow and green with black boots and the other person have on white jacket and brown pants standing on the lake side with birds approaching them

Decoded sentence: two people on a dirt bike jumping with a dirt bike with a ramp.
Answer sentence: two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people on cellphones are walking down the sidewalk while a man walks with his cellphone.
Answer sentence: two people on cellphones walk down the sidewalk while a vendor stands there and a man is eating.

Decoded sentence: two people on bicycles ride at a brick corner in front of a red brick building.
Answer sentence: two people on bicycles sit at a corner crosswalk in front of a red brick building while another bicyclist rides by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people look concrete to look a piece piece on concrete.
Answer sentence: two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete.

Decoded sentence: two people look over a terrace wall.
Answer sentence: two people look over a terrace wall.

Decoded sentence: two people leaning at a fence while leaning at the water.
Answer sentence: two people leaning over a fence looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing.
Answer sentence: two people kissing.

Decoded sentence: two people kiss on the beach.
Answer sentence: two people kiss on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two people shielding with shields and a tent on a horse watch from the tent.
Answer sentence: two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.

Decoded sentence: a man is watching with a rainbow colored cloth to dry colors.
Answer sentence: two people in the kitchen and doing the dishes in the sink, the man is drying with a rainbow colored cloth while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: two people in red shirts sit in a red flag on a beach with two flags flying behind them.
Answer sentence: two people in red shirts are sitting in a lifeguard chair on a beach with an american flag flying behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people riding a race while a motorcycle helmet is riding a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: two people in racing clothes and helmets are riding motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people in full gymnasium attire fence with onlookers from the bleachers in the background.
Answer sentence: two people in full attire fencing in a gymnasium with one onlooker from the bleachers in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people in dark dark suits walk with a cure in a race for a race.
Answer sentence: two people in dark jogging suits walk with a group of participants in the race for the cure.

Decoded sentence: two people in colorful clothes and look over at the ground while standing in the field.
Answer sentence: two people in colorful clothes are standing in a field, bent over to look at the ground.

Decoded sentence: two people in bright orange coats are working on a piece of equipment equipment with equipment.
Answer sentence: two people in bright orange coats are working on some piece of equipment that is dealing with a train.

Decoded sentence: two children in black vests stand in front of a flag in a white vest with a american flag.
Answer sentence: two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an american flag between them.

Decoded sentence: two people in traditional business suits stand in front of a small dragon with a dragon.
Answer sentence: two people in a traditional japanese dragon costume perform in front of a small japanese shrine with a man in a business suit standing in the back watching.

Decoded sentence: two people in a large canoe surrounded by water.
Answer sentence: two people in a large canoe surrounded by water.

Decoded sentence: two people have their heads look down on a table at a table and two men in brown jackets.
Answer sentence: two people have their heads down on a table while a man in a brown jacket looks out the window at a group of bikes and motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people pause near a table and examine a table pause in front of a building at a tudor.
Answer sentence: two people have paused near a table and chairs to examine something at their feet in front of a tudor style building.

Decoded sentence: two people shopping in a grocery grocery.
Answer sentence: two people grocery shopping at walmart.

Decoded sentence: two people giving a blue container outdoors in blue containers.
Answer sentence: two people give a dog a bath outdoors in a blue container.

Decoded sentence: two people are married.
Answer sentence: two people getting married.

Decoded sentence: two people enjoying drinks next to a bike.
Answer sentence: two people enjoying a drink next to there bikes.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in sparring battle and sparring battle.
Answer sentence: two people dressed in battle gear, are practicing sparring in a gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two people carrying bags bags.
Answer sentence: two people carrying bags walk together.

Decoded sentence: two people are beautiful time time at the river at sunset.
Answer sentence: two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing red costumes and having a dragon hanging in front of a large dragon.
Answer sentence: two people are wearing a chinese dragon costume in front of an ornate chinese gazebo with red pillars and the gazebo has two large red lanterns hanging from the roof.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking up a snowy hill with their dogs.
Answer sentence: two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog.

Decoded sentence: two people walk in opposite direction that says 50 say direction in front of the same store.
Answer sentence: two people are walking in opposite directions in front of the same store that says there is a 50 % sale.

Decoded sentence: two people practice a brown and gray man and a woman in a gray hoodie are practicing hit.
Answer sentence: two people are training, the woman, wearing gray, is practicing punching while the man, in a brown hoodie, holds the pads she hits.

Decoded sentence: two people are talking to a mobile phone game next to a mobile phone door.
Answer sentence: two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store.

Decoded sentence: there are two people swimming in a large body of water and a large blue swim behind them.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming in a large body of clear blue water, and there is a large red item behind them in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people stand outside of a shopping shop.
Answer sentence: two people are standing outside of a wine shop.

Decoded sentence: two people stand next to a waterway canal.
Answer sentence: two people are standing next to a waterway canal.

Decoded sentence: two people stand near the curb outside store.
Answer sentence: two people are standing near a curb outside a store.

Decoded sentence: two people stand in a room that is smoking and one person is smoking a shot of smoke.
Answer sentence: two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.

Decoded sentence: two people stand and wait for the phone out of red phones in the city.
Answer sentence: two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city.

Decoded sentence: two people sit at an outdoor cafe in front of an outdoor building.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.

Decoded sentence: two people are diving for a scuba diving.
Answer sentence: two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding bikes beside a train track.
Answer sentence: two people are riding bikes beside train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two people are picking up a subway in front of a subway.
Answer sentence: two people are picking up their belongings in front of a subway.

Decoded sentence: two people are on top of a truck of people.
Answer sentence: two people are on top of the bed of a truck.

Decoded sentence: two people are on stage playing a small stringed crowd of instruments.
Answer sentence: two people are on a stage playing stringed instruments for a small crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people walk with an old building on the side of a building while a old building.
Answer sentence: two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children are in a river and one of the other appears to be lying on the river with.
Answer sentence: two people are in a river, one is a standing man and the other appears to be a child lying on his stomach with his chest and head above the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are picking up trash bags and holding up trash and a third person.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a trash bag getting ready to pick up debris while a third person is looking at a camera bag.

Decoded sentence: two children are holding a large earth jump in a globe about to jump upside over in the.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a large upside-down earth globe, about 4 ' in diameter, and a child appears to be jumping over antarctica.

Decoded sentence: two people are hiking on a trail next to a large wall.
Answer sentence: two people are hiking on a trail next to a large wall.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing karate outfits are fighting from the other type of a white type fight.
Answer sentence: two people are fighting each other in some type of karate, both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts.

Decoded sentence: two people eat barbecue ribs at night.
Answer sentence: two people are eating barbecue ribs at night.

Decoded sentence: two people descend down a stone steps.
Answer sentence: two people are descending down some stone steps.

Decoded sentence: three people are demonstrating martial arts over a crowd to the two youngsters to the crowd.
Answer sentence: two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat.

Decoded sentence: two people dancing by a red couch.
Answer sentence: two people are dancing by a red couch.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking and carrying a large bag walk in a large substance down a red substance.
Answer sentence: two people are carrying a large bag filled with a red substance down a ally as a figure in red walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players prepare off the face to face.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players prepare for a face off.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players watch players are watching the puck of the opposing team with their.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching.

Decoded sentence: two older women on bicycles are talking on a city sign one gentleman is talking in front.
Answer sentence: two older women, one on a bicycle talking in front of a sign in a city with an older gentleman looking on.

Decoded sentence: two older women sitting on a bench in front of a stone building and a stone building.
Answer sentence: two older women are sitting on a bench in front of a stone building and enjoying box lunches.

Decoded sentence: two young men and a young woman sit on a bench with half older and older older man sitting.
Answer sentence: two older men and a young woman sit on a bench with a triangle and two half spheres making up the top of the bench.

Decoded sentence: two older drag cars look on a drag race.
Answer sentence: two older looking cars are on a drag race strip.

Decoded sentence: two old men are on a balcony and one is holding a paper looking at a small paper square.
Answer sentence: two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper, and the other is holding a few sheets of paper.

Decoded sentence: two officers sit on horses in an urban setting.
Answer sentence: two officers sit on horses in a urban setting.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing blue boas a flute in a city park player wearing blue feathers.
Answer sentence: two musicians are entertaining people in a city park, the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa.

Decoded sentence: two mountaineer look at a snowy trail.
Answer sentence: two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.

Decoded sentence: two motorist are riding along a vehicle that is riding colored designs.
Answer sentence: two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclists racing their necks and necks race around the corner.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.

Decoded sentence: two inclined motorcyclist on a inclined track.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.

Decoded sentence: two racers racers are driving on a motorcycle course.
Answer sentence: two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course.

Decoded sentence: two monks walk down a steep stairs.
Answer sentence: two monks are walking down steep stairs.

Decoded sentence: two modern accents setting of a modern stone building.
Answer sentence: two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.

Decoded sentence: two dogs dressed in black and white war running with each small field in the field.
Answer sentence: two mimes dressed in black mime tug-of-war in a field while a small white dog runs between them.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing a mime while a dog runs between them.
Answer sentence: two mimes are playing tug-of-war while a dog is running between them.

Decoded sentence: two men and one in a white shirt and the other in a white cap playing frisbee on the field.
Answer sentence: two men ; one in a blue shirt and ball cap, and the other in a white shirt playing frisbee on a field near an airport.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing gray shirts and dark shirts are standing by a leafy utility tree amid a.
Answer sentence: two men- one wearing a blue cap, two-toned blue shirt, and gray trousers, the other hatless and in dark-colored shorts- stand in a green cherry-picker amid utility wires and leafy tree-tops.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing blue hard hats and hard hats stand in front of a large yellow machine.
Answer sentence: two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.

Decoded sentence: two guys are sitting on a bench in front of a large glass building that has a yellow billboard.
Answer sentence: two men, one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy, are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: two men with short pants and a man with short pants are standing in a rodeo ring.
Answer sentence: two men, one with large chaps and one with short pants are standing in a rodeo ring while some men look on from outside the ring.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting outside facing each other one with a blue blazer and the other in the.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a brown hat and blue long-sleeve shirt, the other in jeans and a blazer, sit outside, facing each other.

Decoded sentence: two women with blue bags and backpacks with backpacks are chatting with a young woman with.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a blue bag & one with glasses, chatting with a young woman with a backpack at a gathering with other men & women.

Decoded sentence: two men are fighting and one with a gray beard and a black beard and a gray beard appear.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a beard, red t-shirt, and black pants and the other one in a gray t-shirt and black pants, appear to be fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men playing soccer while a red and white uniform with a white uniform and a white soccer.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing red uniform with white stripes and the other a white uniform are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow shirts and one wearing a yellow shirt are pulling a horse.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a yellow shirt and one wearing a red shirt, being pulled by horses.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing backpacks are laying on horizontally one with a log in the guard and the.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a teal shirt and shin guards lay horizontally on logs with their backpacks in sight.

Decoded sentence: two men and a tan plaid hat sit on the side of a road with one guy wearing a red plaid.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a straw cone hat, blue shirt, talking with a guy in a tan sunhat, red plaid shirt, both with baskets in front of them, sitting on the side of a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing black baseball hats and one man with a cowboy and a black baseball cap.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a cowboy hat and a black shirt and the other with his eyes closed and wearing a black baseball cap and a plaid blue shirt are playing guitars, as a woman with a plastic cup watches.

Decoded sentence: two men playing a stone guitar and one is playing on a stone steps while others are sitting.
Answer sentence: two men, one playing a purple guitar and the other playing an accordion, sitting on stone steps.

Decoded sentence: a bald man is a bald man.
Answer sentence: two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed into a microphone and one looks at the other one with a white shirt to.
Answer sentence: two men, one looking at a screen with a drum next to him, while the other is a man dressed in a white shirt is talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: two men are on a wooden boat and one in a yellow boat is on a wooden boat.
Answer sentence: two men, one in yellow, are on a wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing glasses one of glasses and an orange paper in a gray shirt are reading.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a gray shirt and one in a black shirt and orange shorts wearing glasses are reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two men operate a video city game while one man in a city shirt is operating a video gun.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a circuit city t-shirt, the other in an m & ms t-shirt, operate video game guns.

Decoded sentence: two men are creating pottery and one dressed in black and one in black pants and a purple.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black with white hats and a man in gray and a gray hat are sweeping.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in black with a white hat and the other dressed in gray sweep a set of steps.

Decoded sentence: two men holding books and black are talking and one is holding a book.
Answer sentence: two men, one black, one white, are holding books and talking.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed against a long business suit wearing blue and black coats are standing.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in business suits, wearing long black coats, sharing a blue plaid umbrella, standing against a graffiti painted brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black are standing on a sidewalk in an urban area while a light urban.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in black, are standing on a sidewalk in an urban area while one lights a cigarette.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing bright yellow jeans and bright yellow jeans work on the roof.
Answer sentence: two men, both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans, are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: two men working with computers and apartment.
Answer sentence: two men working with the computer within their apartment.

Decoded sentence: two men working at a construction site.
Answer sentence: two men working together at a construction site.

Decoded sentence: two men working on a yellow volkswagen beetle.
Answer sentence: two men working on a yellow volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: two men working on the roof in a yellow coat.
Answer sentence: two men working on a roof in yellow coats.

Decoded sentence: two men work on top of a cloudy day on a cloudy day.
Answer sentence: two men work on top of a tall building on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two men work on a metal roof in the sunlight while a man wearing a black shirt is holding.
Answer sentence: two men work on a metal roof in the sunlight, one man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a black shirt and holding a drill.

Decoded sentence: two men work in a butcher shop floor floor floor as one man is cutting meat from the floor.
Answer sentence: two men work in a butcher shop ; one cuts the meat from a butchered cow, while the other hoses the floor.

Decoded sentence: two men with coats are down on a restaurant with a brown coat and a man in a brown coat.
Answer sentence: two men with their heads down on a restaurant table, seemingly in response to the man with the brown suede coat in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two women with red shirts and red aprons stand in front of a table pause of a stuffed animal.
Answer sentence: two men with red shirts and yellow aprons stand in front of a wall of colorful stuffed animals while two women pause at the table in front of it.

Decoded sentence: two men with water in the water.
Answer sentence: two men with paddles in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people with guitars and one man with a small guitar on a stage in front of a microphone.
Answer sentence: two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people.

Decoded sentence: two men with hats sit on the street while in a leather jacket and a man in a leather jacket.
Answer sentence: two men with dreadlocks sit on the street while a man in a hat and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men with dark hair and black shirts are holding up a camera while eating up to the.
Answer sentence: two men with dark hair wearing glasses and black shirts eat bread while holding their hands up to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using tools on the side of the wall.
Answer sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using tools on the side of a wall.

Decoded sentence: two men with colorful land are landing in a field.
Answer sentence: two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field.

Decoded sentence: two children with shoulders on their shoulders.
Answer sentence: two men with children on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: two men with black rimmed glasses and glasses making bread.
Answer sentence: two men with black rimmed glasses making faces and eating bread.

Decoded sentence: two men playing in a fist with a red jersey and one with a red jersey while others are.
Answer sentence: two men who play in hockey, one with a red jersey and one with a white jersey, are fist fighting each other.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow caution hats as one man as the ball is getting her head.
Answer sentence: two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing uniforms are trying to hit a wooden ball with a wooden ball.
Answer sentence: two men wearing uniforms, are trying to hit the same ball with wooden sticks.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks are jumping in the air while on a beach.
Answer sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.
Answer sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats with hats at the top.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats with a flame at the top.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and hats are walking near a body of water during a body.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and hats are riding horseback after ponchos.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and ponchos ride horseback after a bull.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats are standing and holding a large body of water off the side of the.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side.

Decoded sentence: a trumpet and a trumpet to one is playing.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black clothes and hats, one is playing the saxophone and one is playing the trumpet.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing silly hats and makeup pipes pipes.
Answer sentence: two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing white shirts and plain with pink shirts with blue logo on the front.
Answer sentence: two men wear plain white t-shirts and one man wears a blue one with a pink logo on the front.

Decoded sentence: two men waiting outside a door on a snowy night.
Answer sentence: two men waiting outside the door on a snowy night.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing shirts look down from a ledge on the side of a gray structure.
Answer sentence: two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure.

Decoded sentence: two ladies talking to one man and the other with a black jacket and the other with a red.
Answer sentence: two men talking to an older lady ( one with a red hat and black shirt and the other with a brown jacket.

Decoded sentence: two men talk as they on the left are in a field holding a notebook and one on the left.
Answer sentence: two men talk while the one on the right holds in his left arm, and the one on the right holds a notebook behind him, they are in a field.

Decoded sentence: two men sweeping in a large wall with a large decorated wall.
Answer sentence: two men sweeping in a large building with decorated walls and pillars.

Decoded sentence: two men stop while talking outside and talk.
Answer sentence: two men stop to talk near a sign outside.

Decoded sentence: two men standing with a elephant next to a building.
Answer sentence: two men standing with an elephant next to a building.

Decoded sentence: two men standing on a medium sized boat set in the ocean and set behind them.
Answer sentence: two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean, as the sun sets behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men stand at a table that is occupied by a few stone wall in front of a stone wall.
Answer sentence: two men stand at a chalkboard that forms part of a stone wall in front of a number of tables and chairs of which only a few are occupied.

Decoded sentence: two men skateboarding in a forest.
Answer sentence: two men skateboarding in the forest.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a couch playing music.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch, playing music together.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a bench advertisement with a billboard advertisement of glasses in the.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a bench talking, with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting in chairs waiting in chairs.
Answer sentence: two men sitting in chairs while waiting.

Decoded sentence: two men sit on a couch talk.
Answer sentence: two men sit on a couch and talk.

Decoded sentence: two men sit next to each other on a boat in a boat.
Answer sentence: two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in orange snow off railroad tracks railroad tracks.
Answer sentence: two men shoveling snow off a railroad track dressed in bright orange snowsuits.

Decoded sentence: two men share a conversation in the middle of a park behind a short park.
Answer sentence: two men share a conversation in the middle of a park, behind a short fence.

Decoded sentence: two men resting by a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two men resting uptop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men atop a snowy mountain atop a mountain.
Answer sentence: two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men are pushing a wheelbarrow and they are in the desert near a construction building.
Answer sentence: two men pushing wheelbarrows, two men looking at them, they are in the desert near some block construction buildings.

Decoded sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.
Answer sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.

Decoded sentence: two men playing tennis table in a room with two men.
Answer sentence: two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting.

Decoded sentence: two men are leaping a white ball frame in a right frame of a man leaps towards the right.
Answer sentence: two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing ball fighting for a ball.
Answer sentence: two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing music with a blurred music blurred violin and a man and a blurred violin.
Answer sentence: two men play the violin with a blurred music stand and another violinist 's hand in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men playing lacrosse hockey hockey.
Answer sentence: two men play lacrosse or field hockey.

Decoded sentence: two men paint paint on a busy street corner.
Answer sentence: two men paint a curb on a busy street corner.

Decoded sentence: two men in black oars a boat in a river with a man visible visible and a yellow bucket.
Answer sentence: two men one in yellow the other in black riding in a boat on a river, with a bucket and an oar visible.

Decoded sentence: two men run up a bald team run to bald men in black suits holding a piece.
Answer sentence: two men one bald one black headed are holding up a team player in a two piece running suit.

Decoded sentence: two men on top of a roof fixing it.
Answer sentence: two men on top of a roof fixing it.

Decoded sentence: two men on a snowy mountainside are cooking a snowy mountainside while the little man is.
Answer sentence: two men on a snowy and rocky mountainside cook a meal while their teammates sit a little way away.

Decoded sentence: two men on a motorcycle with a bucket and a bucket.
Answer sentence: two men on a motorcycle with buckets and canisters.

Decoded sentence: two men on a construction site with their way in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two men on a construction site with a one way sign in the foreground

Decoded sentence: two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.
Answer sentence: two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men on a balcony are pointing up and looking up at a balcony.
Answer sentence: two men on a balcony look up and point at something.

Decoded sentence: two boys on a young descent play chess while two young boys on the foreground are watching.
Answer sentence: two men of southeast asian descent are sitting indian style on a bamboo floor, playing chess while two young boys watch in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men near a building are pulling a construction man wearing a blue leather helmet and.
Answer sentence: two men near a building, one smoking and pulling off a leather glove, and the other man is standing wearing a blue construction helmet.

Decoded sentence: two men playing pool at each other.
Answer sentence: two men looking at each other and playing pool.

Decoded sentence: two men are hanging up a large blue wall and it is lifting a large brown dog.
Answer sentence: two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall.

Decoded sentence: a man in black shorts and a man in black shorts is kicking a block.
Answer sentence: two men kickboxing, the man in the red shorts is kicking while the man in the black is blocking.

Decoded sentence: two men and a man are kicking in the air at each other on a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two men kick in the air at each other on a grassy area, while another man watches them in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men in yellow life jackets sit in a motor boat move by one moves.
Answer sentence: two men in yellow life jackets, one wearing sunglasses, are sitting in a moving motor boat.

Decoded sentence: two people in white shirts with blue hats and blue hats stand by side to walk by a man.
Answer sentence: two men in white shirts with suspenders, blue neckties, and gray hats, stand to the side as people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two people in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: two men in white hard hats stand beside a graffiti wall.
Answer sentence: two men in white hard hats are standing beside a graffiti-covered wall.

Decoded sentence: two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with teal signs.
Answer sentence: two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety harnesses work.
Answer sentence: two men in safety harnesses work together.

Decoded sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange vests work in a road road.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests work in road construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange hard hats are at a garage post in the garage post by.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests and hard hats are at a parking garage in the uk standing by a post.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange coveralls are shoveling snow off railroad tracks.
Answer sentence: two men in orange coveralls shovel snow off railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: two men in dark colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as two lone cars.
Answer sentence: two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below.

Decoded sentence: two boys in life jackets work on a small jet while a small boy in a jet life jacket.
Answer sentence: two men in life jackets working on a jet ski while a small boy in a life jacket and a woman look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in hats and orange hats are shoveling snow.
Answer sentence: two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats on the roof of a building that is under a building.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats on the roof of a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats and hard hats work at a ship and one of them pointing at the ship.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats and work coveralls look at the docked ship one of them points at.

Decoded sentence: two men in pale blue shirts and pale blue shirts stand next to a man in a blue sweater.
Answer sentence: two men in dress shirts and holding drinks are standing next to a guy in a pale blue sweater over a blue dress shirt.

Decoded sentence: two men in jackets work on the roof of a house while working on the roof.
Answer sentence: two men in chartreuse jackets and dungarees are working on the roof of a house.

Decoded sentence: two men in black shirts are doing handstands on stage.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts do handstands on a stage.

Decoded sentence: two people in black shirts stand outdoors near a man in the grass.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts are standing outdoors near a few other people in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two men in black outfits are having a backpack.
Answer sentence: two men in black outfits have backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men in white are jumping with their arms raised on a tennis court as the opposing man.
Answer sentence: two men in black jumped with arms raised on a tennis court, as the opposing team in white walk towards the net.

Decoded sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.
Answer sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: two workers in black clothes at a market show meat while a man shows a red meat on a blue.
Answer sentence: two men in black clothes at a meat market showing a red meat while workers in blue look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in black are holding machetes and one has a black brush.
Answer sentence: two men in black are clearing brush, one has black gloves and a tattoo, the other is holding a machete.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats are working on a construction project while one man is wearing a hard.
Answer sentence: two men in belt harnesses are working on a construction project, though only one wears his hard hat.

Decoded sentence: two men in bright yellow shirts and yellow shirts work behind a fence.
Answer sentence: two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.

Decoded sentence: two men in tennis city court stand on to each other side of the court.
Answer sentence: two men in a tennis court in a city are standing on either side of the net talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in an office setting up a man who is having a computer and they are setting up.
Answer sentence: two men in a relaxed office setting and they are both looking at their computers and one has their feet propped up on the desk.

Decoded sentence: two women in a giant lot of beer and giant beer.
Answer sentence: two men in a parking lot are carrying a giant beer bottle above their heads while a woman stands in front of them.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a bright black dress and a bright black top is standing by a railing with.
Answer sentence: two men in a jogging race on a black top street, one man wearing a black top and pants and the other is dressed as a nun with bright red tennis shoes, while onlookers stand in a grassy area and watch from behind a waist high metal railing.

Decoded sentence: two men in a germany jumping rail at the same rail at the same time.
Answer sentence: two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts.

Decoded sentence: two men holding a skateboard and skateboard.
Answer sentence: two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: two men having a intense discussion over drinks.
Answer sentence: two men having an intense discussion over drinks.

Decoded sentence: two men hanging out.
Answer sentence: two men hanging out together.

Decoded sentence: two men enjoying a game of pool.
Answer sentence: two men enjoying a game of pool.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in winter coats are standing outside in the snow and a picnic shelter ready.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in winter coats are standing outside in the snow in a picnic shelter, getting ready to eat.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in white shirts and blue hats are dressed in white with white hats and.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in blue uniforms are standing with their arms and vehicles standing in.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.

Decoded sentence: two men are doing branches with fallen branches deciding.
Answer sentence: two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch.

Decoded sentence: two men confer sitting in front of a stone wall with a man writing at the outdoor wall.
Answer sentence: two men confer while standing in a front of a stone wall with writing on it, while others sit at outdoor tables in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men are cleaning the snow from the snow and one is on the snow and the other is cleaning.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning snow from a roof, one 's in a lifter, while the other is actually on the roof.

Decoded sentence: two men check a barbecue in a barbecue barrel barrel.
Answer sentence: two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.

Decoded sentence: two men celebrating the game of a game.
Answer sentence: two men celebrating a win of a game.

Decoded sentence: two men carrying briefcase talk to the man in white shirt on the porch.
Answer sentence: two men carrying a briefcase talk to another man in a white t-shirt on a porch.

Decoded sentence: two men maybe playing set for maybe set.
Answer sentence: two men building a set like for a play maybe.

Decoded sentence: two men barbecuing at the beach.
Answer sentence: two men barbecuing at a beach.

Decoded sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope.
Answer sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf.

Decoded sentence: two men wrestle as one man has a wrestling to the floor on the floor.
Answer sentence: two men are wrestling, one has the other pinned to the floor and the man on the floor is wincing in pain.

Decoded sentence: two men working together under a small tree sign that is gold and gold on a statue.
Answer sentence: two men are working together to hammer a small sign under a gold frog statue that is on the tree.

Decoded sentence: two men work on a ladder.
Answer sentence: two men are working together on a ladder.

Decoded sentence: two men and two men are walking on the side of a subway stop having one man has a umbrella.
Answer sentence: two men are walking on the street in front of a subway stop, and one has his umbrella opened and at his side.

Decoded sentence: two men walking down a dirt road with one man carrying a gun from the dead.
Answer sentence: two men are walking down a dirt road with guns, as one carries a dead animal from hunting.

Decoded sentence: two men located located located located of a downtown area of a city.
Answer sentence: two men are using phone-booths that are located shortly outside of the downtown area of a city, by some trees.

Decoded sentence: two men watch a man in a toast.
Answer sentence: two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking with each other around the corner of a building type of buildings.
Answer sentence: two men are talking with each other around the corner of a cemented type of building.

Decoded sentence: two men stand beside a picture and taking pictures.
Answer sentence: two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile.

Decoded sentence: two men stand and one has a body of modifications one is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: two men stand outdoors holding a new piece of new grill and possibly new items.
Answer sentence: two men are standing outdoors on a sunny day holding pieces of a new item, possibly a small grill, while one of the men studies the assembly instructions.

Decoded sentence: two men and a man are standing in a room looking in the opposite direction between them.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a room, pointing in opposite directions, while another man is standing in between them looking to his left.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a police boat boat.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a police rescue boat.

Decoded sentence: two men standing in a man looking to be looking at.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a group appear to look at something.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing black helmets and helmets standing in a bullpen while one holds a red leather.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a bullpen, one wearing leather chaps and holding a helmet, the other dressed in red and black.

Decoded sentence: two men are squatting with candles and sticks as a person wearing a light light hand and.
Answer sentence: two men are squatting with one man lighting a stick from a candle flame and the other man has his hands folded looking at the ground while a person wearing a bracelet has a phone to their ear.

Decoded sentence: two men working on computers.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting working on their computers.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on the ground going through the ground.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men sit by themselves in a cafe.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe.

Decoded sentence: two men sit at a table that has sparklers that has sparklers with sparklers as the candles.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant, one man has a slice of cake with a sparkler as a candle.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting and spectators singing and spectators singing with spectators on the cement.
Answer sentence: two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left.

Decoded sentence: two men enjoy a moving show while a man appears to be it is enjoying it.
Answer sentence: two men are showing a fighting move while one man appears not to be enjoying it too much.

Decoded sentence: two men are riding on horses and the street.
Answer sentence: two men are riding on horses through the street.

Decoded sentence: there are two men playing money and a dog on the street is money.
Answer sentence: two men are playing a guitar for money on the street, and there are dogs on leashes around them.

Decoded sentence: two men are on a beach looking for the beach.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach looking in the distance.

Decoded sentence: two men are on the beach with their arms arm down at the same time in the air.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach bending down with one foot and one arm in the air at the same time.

Decoded sentence: two men are making arch with their arms and third men are making arm.
Answer sentence: two men are making an arch with their arms and a third man is ducking beneath it.

Decoded sentence: two men are fighting in a sword sword.
Answer sentence: two men are involved in sword fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men are working together while two men are working at a open machine type vehicle or.
Answer sentence: two men are here and working together at the john deere 7200 type of machine or vehicle outside in the open air.

Decoded sentence: two men crossing a stream and helping a stream.
Answer sentence: two men are helping another man cross a stream.

Decoded sentence: two men are cooking outside in a field with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: two men are cooking outside in a field with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children carry a child on the back day down the nice neighborhood in a sunny day.
Answer sentence: two men are carrying children on their backs down the street on a sunny day in a nice neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: two men : a man are waiting at a counter filled place while a man waits on them.
Answer sentence: two men are at polling place counter, filling out forms : while a clerk in a red shirt and black pants waits on them.

Decoded sentence: two ladies and a young lady with red hair playing wii.
Answer sentence: two men and a young lady with red hair play wii together in the living room on a black leather sofa.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats and a man standing on a wet street carrying a wet umbrella and a.
Answer sentence: two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets, hats, and the woman carries an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two martial artists and a referee wearing sparring on a referee.
Answer sentence: two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a window taking a break as a man takes a break.
Answer sentence: two mannequins are standing in the window behind a man who is taking a break from playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: two males wearing black and white navy outside a blue and white male run outside on a cloudy.
Answer sentence: two males running, one wearing red and white, the other navy blue and black, outside on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two males sit on a dock of a dock and one is playing guitar in front of them.
Answer sentence: two males are sitting on a dock, one of which is playing guitar, and another two are standing in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two male workers talking outside a building.
Answer sentence: two male worker talking outside their building.

Decoded sentence: two male in swimming trunks are jumping on the beach while people in the background.
Answer sentence: two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand.

Decoded sentence: six male dressed in black shirts and black pants sit front of a blue routine performing.
Answer sentence: two male dancers dressed in blue shirts and black pants perform a routine in front of six women sitting beside them.

Decoded sentence: two little league players next to base in a field.
Answer sentence: two little league players are next to a base in the field.

Decoded sentence: two little kids in a stroller are having a little kid on a band like makeup.
Answer sentence: two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band `` kiss ''.

Decoded sentence: two little kids probably trying to new camera out in a black camera.
Answer sentence: two little kids are trying out their new cameras which probably were given by the women in black.

Decoded sentence: two little girls dressed in pink playing on a jungle gym.
Answer sentence: two little girls, both dressed in pink, play on the jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two little girls sharing a book while sharing a book book.
Answer sentence: two little girls share a coloring book and crayons while sitting together at the table.

Decoded sentence: two little girls are playing in a yellow inflatable house.
Answer sentence: two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house.

Decoded sentence: two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake and watching the shore.
Answer sentence: two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake, watching someone fishing from a boat.

Decoded sentence: two younger girls wearing masks and one wearing a pink and purple pajamas are standing.
Answer sentence: two little girls are playing in their house, one is on the floor grinning evilly wearing pink pajamas and the younger one is standing over her wearing a hairnet and mask and purple pajamas.

Decoded sentence: a little boy and a little boy sit on the grass.
Answer sentence: two little children, one boy and one girl, laugh as they sit on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two little children are walking up the steps getting up the steps.
Answer sentence: two little children are walking up some steps to get into an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two little boys with blue pants and a little boy with gray pants and a little boy are playing.
Answer sentence: two little boys, one with blue pants and shirt, and the other with blue shirt and gray pants, are playing with thomas the train toys on a hardwood floor.

Decoded sentence: two little boys are in matching martial arts blocks one of the waist delivers a punch.
Answer sentence: two little boys, from the waist up, in a martial arts match, one delivering a punch and the other blocking.

Decoded sentence: two little boys climbing into a gray van set into a gray van while a third van.
Answer sentence: two little boys climbing into the gray van and the third little boy secure in his car set.

Decoded sentence: two little boys and a little boy sit on a baby seat outside.
Answer sentence: two little boys and a baby girl sit on a striped seat outside.

Decoded sentence: two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and have fun bottles.
Answer sentence: two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun.

Decoded sentence: two cars line on a colorful line racetrack.
Answer sentence: two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs attempting to each other playfully.
Answer sentence: two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.
Answer sentence: two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing a bridge outside with a london bridge and one in a purple dress.
Answer sentence: two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing london bridges outside with a group of children.

Decoded sentence: two ladies in sunhats walk down the street.
Answer sentence: two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street.

Decoded sentence: two ladies in casual dresses walk down the street at night and a couple of men are walking.
Answer sentence: two ladies in casual dresses are walking down a street at night, while a couple of men stand next to a row of motorbikes.

Decoded sentence: two ladies dancing on stage.
Answer sentence: two ladies dancing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two ladies walk on the road.
Answer sentence: two ladies are walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are observing each other at the opposite one lady with the other two in the.
Answer sentence: two ladies are seated opposite of each other at a craft table with books, papers, and scissors in front of them as one is observing the other 's work.

Decoded sentence: two ladies crossing a street street in front of a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are talking and talk while two ladies are cooking in a kitchen site.
Answer sentence: two ladies are cooking & talking and two gentlemen are talking in the opposite site of the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two laborers work on the roof with a bright blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: two laborers are working on a roof with a bright blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: two kids with helmets playing with one kids from a plastic helmet looking on the plastic.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets playing with nerf swords while one looks on drinking from a plastic cup.

Decoded sentence: two kids with helmets are outside and one with a helmet is outside.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets on sitting outside while one looks down and the other straight ahead.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing white robes and a boy on a martial arts block throwing a punch.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing white robes are practicing martial arts ; boy on the left has blond-hair and is blocking a punch thrown by the dark-haired boy on the right.

Decoded sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts are standing next to one of the water throwing a body.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts stand next to a body of water, as one throws something into the water.

Decoded sentence: two kids running down a beach dune to the beach.
Answer sentence: two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.

Decoded sentence: two kids are playing soccer in a field.
Answer sentence: two kids play soccer in a field.

Decoded sentence: two kids are playing hockey on a pond.
Answer sentence: two kids play hockey on a pond.

Decoded sentence: two kids in green tree.
Answer sentence: two kids in a green tree.

Decoded sentence: two kids are looking up and have one is on a white stool with his head on his head.
Answer sentence: two kids are looking up, one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head.

Decoded sentence: two people sit for a torch crowd using flaming for torches torches on the steps.
Answer sentence: two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: two hunting men with muddy prey and an jacketed shooting home trip have their prey on the.
Answer sentence: two jacketed men with double-barreled shotguns carry home prey that they have shot on a hunting trip on a muddy country road.

Decoded sentence: two are are at a yard in the yard.
Answer sentence: two infants are at play in the yard.

Decoded sentence: two male playfully wrestle playfully wrestle on a cement floor.
Answer sentence: two individuals, one male and one unknown, playfully wrestle on a cement floor while five onlookers smile.

Decoded sentence: two individuals on the beach jumping up with their arms spread up wide open.
Answer sentence: two individuals on a beach jumping up with their arms and legs spread wide open.

Decoded sentence: two individuals work food booth.
Answer sentence: two individuals are working a food booth.

Decoded sentence: two women pull a cart in a horse.
Answer sentence: two horses are pulling a woman in a cart.

Decoded sentence: two brown and one in red and one in red and one in red are blurry against a horse race.
Answer sentence: two horse racing jockeys, one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown, are racing against a blurry background.

Decoded sentence: two hockey teams stop at the goal to make a blue team that is making the blue goal.
Answer sentence: two hockey teams are shown at the goal where the white team is stopping a goal being made by the blue team.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players compete and compete for the puck in front of the net.
Answer sentence: two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players in white are competing against each other while one in a yellow hockey.
Answer sentence: two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck.

Decoded sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on the snow.
Answer sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.

Decoded sentence: two healthy horses are playing in a field.
Answer sentence: two healthy horses play in a field.

Decoded sentence: two guys are in the street and one wearing a gray shirt is in the street.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a gray shirt, are in the street in front of a white van, one motioning towards the camera while the other claps.

Decoded sentence: two guys wearing blue jerseys and one guy playing a trumpet while the other one wearing.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.

Decoded sentence: two guys on the maroon sweater are sitting on the video game of a light blue sweater playing.
Answer sentence: two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.

Decoded sentence: two guys wearing matching black suits with white suits and matching black suits are having.
Answer sentence: two guys, both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt, they are having a match.

Decoded sentence: two guys with facial hair stand together standing together.
Answer sentence: two guys with fake facial hair stand together.

Decoded sentence: two guys sorting through items.
Answer sentence: two guys sorting through some items.

Decoded sentence: two guys jamming one concert and one has long shorts jamming the second guy has a long.
Answer sentence: two guys performing rock concert, one has short blond-hair who is singing, and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar.

Decoded sentence: two guys and a big drum play at a screen set.
Answer sentence: two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings, ( presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums.

Decoded sentence: two guys in blue shirts stand on top of a construction surface doing a construction surface.
Answer sentence: two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.

Decoded sentence: the guy is shaving his shirt on the mirror as two others have no shirts and one guy has.
Answer sentence: two guys in a mirror, one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving.

Decoded sentence: two guys in a orange room and a guy in a orange shirt laughing.
Answer sentence: two guys in a locker room, the guy in the orange shirt laughing.

Decoded sentence: two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.
Answer sentence: two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.

Decoded sentence: two guys getting drinks at a store counter.
Answer sentence: two guys getting a drink at a store counter.

Decoded sentence: two guys stand and one in a blue shirt and the other in a blue shirt are bending down to.
Answer sentence: two guys barbecuing, one in blue shirt bending down, while the other in black shorts stands facing his back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two guys are on a skateboard in the woods.
Answer sentence: two guys are on skateboards in the woods.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a black wall and one guy holds up a wall against a guy and two khaki pants.
Answer sentence: two guys against a wall, one is in black pants and is upside down, the other man is in khaki rolled up pants holding the other one up.

Decoded sentence: two golfers of a distance are looking off the distance to block the sun.
Answer sentence: two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun.

Decoded sentence: two golden retriever running in a snowy desert retriever.
Answer sentence: two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert.

Decoded sentence: two brown and brown women are pulling a sleigh driving a horse in a blue coat.
Answer sentence: two golden brown horses pull a sleigh driven by a woman in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a purple shirt and khaki shorts is kissing her sneakers while she blows.
Answer sentence: two girls, the one in the background is wearing black, while the other girl in the foreground is wearing khaki shorts, a purple shirt and sneakers and gesturing like she is blowing a kiss.

Decoded sentence: two girls with their arms holding their arms with blue shirts around a blue and blue belt.
Answer sentence: two girls with their arms holding a girl with a blue shirt and black belt around her upper body.

Decoded sentence: two women with short hair and short hair are smiling.
Answer sentence: two girls with purple hair and a short-haired woman are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two girls walking through a alley.
Answer sentence: two girls walking through an alley.

Decoded sentence: two girls sitting on stairs talking.
Answer sentence: two girls talking while sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: three boys wearing jeans and jeans swing on each same swing for a blue swing.
Answer sentence: two girls swing on with a boy, all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: two girls stand in a puddle on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two girls in gray dresses play with hula hoops in a gray hoop.
Answer sentence: two girls one in a gray dress the other in a black striped dress are playing with hula hoops.

Decoded sentence: two girls lift a third girl.
Answer sentence: two girls lift a third girl.

Decoded sentence: two boys in matching black and white shirts and two smaller boys in matching white and.
Answer sentence: two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.

Decoded sentence: two girls facing each other and one wearing a red and black and the other wearing a red.
Answer sentence: two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt, the other is wearing a beaded belt.

Decoded sentence: two girls are talking in front of bushes on the phone.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones.

Decoded sentence: two girls are crouching in front of a small garden garden.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of a garden of small shrubbery.

Decoded sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.
Answer sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.

Decoded sentence: two girls talking while walking along the street.
Answer sentence: two girls are walking along the street and talking.

Decoded sentence: two girls sitting in chairs and one of them doing a home.
Answer sentence: two girls are sitting in their home and one of them is sitting on a chair, the other on the floor getting her hair done.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing shorts and one with a white shirt and a white soccer shirt playing soccer.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing soccer and one is wearing a white shirt with green shorts showing the number 4, while the other girl is wearing a red and white shirt.

Decoded sentence: two girls standing in an crowd looking past each other while others stand.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two girls are looking at a beach on the beach and one looks at the beach.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.

Decoded sentence: two girls are in a bathing suit.
Answer sentence: two girls are in a bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing blue tops are competing on a floor while one wearing a blue top.
Answer sentence: two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her.

Decoded sentence: two women and a woman walking on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen in suits are enjoying a drink and talking.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in suits talk while enjoying a drink.

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen in a baseball cap and a gentleman on a baseball engine work to work on a.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in baseball caps and shirts, work on the engine of an old, rusted vw beetle.

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen on tight one gentleman and one on a green motorcycle race right.
Answer sentence: two gentleman, one on a purple motorcycle one on a green one, racing around a tight right hand turn.

Decoded sentence: two friends are next to a shopping door shop shop.
Answer sentence: two friends next to a closed shop door embrace.

Decoded sentence: two different women and a foreign woman selling food of food.
Answer sentence: two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.

Decoded sentence: two portable in hard hats and hats walk behind a portable in a portable tank.
Answer sentence: two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.

Decoded sentence: two football players compete on the ball as their teammates.
Answer sentence: two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on.

Decoded sentence: two football players chase after a ball.
Answer sentence: two football players chase after a the ball.

Decoded sentence: two firemen are turning water on a turn in the water.
Answer sentence: two firemen turning the water on in the hoses.

Decoded sentence: two firemen standing next to a firetruck in the dark.
Answer sentence: two firemen standing next a firetruck in the dark.

Decoded sentence: two females wearing yellow dresses and black shorts pose picture while one is wearing a.
Answer sentence: two females, one wearing a yellow dress, the other wearing a white top and black shorts posing for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two females walking down the street with shopping bags.
Answer sentence: two females walking down the street with shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: two females in bikinis are playing tennis table at the beach and towels in bikinis.
Answer sentence: two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches.

Decoded sentence: two females wearing shorts walk down a very very bikini and a bikini very short.
Answer sentence: two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: two females on a field playing on a field playing rugby with one female white and one with.
Answer sentence: two females are playing rugby on a field, one with a blue uniform and one with a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: two female members of a usa team jump high to perform a high jump team.
Answer sentence: two female members of team usa performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members.

Decoded sentence: two male cheerleaders doing a lift into the air while doing a female cheer.
Answer sentence: two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders.

Decoded sentence: two boots wearing yellow ski boots on a ski.
Answer sentence: two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski

Decoded sentence: people dressed in fashionably two young ladies sitting back on the wall and watch them.
Answer sentence: two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them.

Decoded sentence: two elderly women examining a cake on a table.
Answer sentence: two elderly women examine a cake on a table.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts sit and eating a rock formation.
Answer sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people sit in a train chair on train.
Answer sentence: two elderly people sit in handicapped chairs on a train.

Decoded sentence: two dogs return to the building tied while waiting patiently to the buildings.
Answer sentence: two dogs, that are tied to the building, patiently wait for their master to return.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field.

Decoded sentence: two companions trying to reach the opposite direction while they reach the opposite in.
Answer sentence: two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes.

Decoded sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs stand on the sand surrounded by water and deflated basketball.
Answer sentence: two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water, a deflated basketball and a person on a horse.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are splashing through the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs splash through the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs shaking water off a beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs running near a river while a dog runs in the river.
Answer sentence: two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run through a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs run through a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run together on the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run down the road.
Answer sentence: two dogs run down the road.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run along a grassy field while one dog is biting the other.
Answer sentence: two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing outdoors

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the water on the beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in water on the beach

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs on a leash walking toward each other while others walk away from each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs in the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.

Decoded sentence: two men fighting in a forest with two legs in the background and a forest in the background.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in a forest, with the legs of two men in jeans in the background

Decoded sentence: two dogs run through the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running through the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the carpet showing the carpet.
Answer sentence: two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs.

Decoded sentence: two dogs leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch a yellow dog in the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red frisbee outside.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red frisbee outside.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow and yellow boots sit next to a pipe.
Answer sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow rubber boots are sitting next to some pipes.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers sitting on a pipe while a construction worker is waving.
Answer sentence: two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves, obscuring his face.

Decoded sentence: two steam workers operate a machine to operate the street.
Answer sentence: two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers doing construction.
Answer sentence: two construction workers doing their job.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers cutting concrete for a concrete road.
Answer sentence: two construction workers cutting a piece of concrete road.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers assist in a truck for a urban site at a construction site.
Answer sentence: two construction workers assist in the loading of a dump truck at an urban construction site.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are digging up the pavement on the pavement.
Answer sentence: two construction workers are digging up pavement on a road.

Decoded sentence: two clowns dressed in elaborate clothing stand with instruments and makeup.
Answer sentence: two clowns dressed in makeup and elaborate clothing stand together with their instruments.

Decoded sentence: two climbers are attempting to climb a steep snow covered peak while two peaks climbers.
Answer sentence: two climbers attempting to climb a steep, snow-covered peak, nearing the top, where two other climbers await them.

Decoded sentence: two children running toward the photographer with a dilapidated tent in the background.
Answer sentence: two children, running toward the photographer, with a dilapidated tents in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children stand on a beach as one holds a stick and the sun is holding a stick.
Answer sentence: two children, one of which is holding a stick, are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing winter coats and an older boy walking down a sidewalk while an older.
Answer sentence: two children, an older boy and a younger girl, are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats.

Decoded sentence: two children and a baby play care of a baby and the female pretending to play.
Answer sentence: two children, a male and a female, playing doctor and nurse, pretending to care for a baby.

Decoded sentence: two children are having a hallway in a hallway in a church hallway while a girl in a blue.
Answer sentence: two children, a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper, have a conversation in the hallway of a church.

Decoded sentence: two children with yellow umbrellas play in the bathtub.
Answer sentence: two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing hats hanging onto a tree and bamboo tree.
Answer sentence: two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees.

Decoded sentence: two children walk down a path into the woods.
Answer sentence: two children walk down a path into the woods.

Decoded sentence: two young children talk at a park park while a young man is doing a blue skateboard on.
Answer sentence: two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.

Decoded sentence: two children running with their shoes on.
Answer sentence: two children running with no shoes on.

Decoded sentence: two children running in a field by a kite who is running and a kite in the background.
Answer sentence: two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains

Decoded sentence: two children run towards a lagoon.
Answer sentence: two children run towards the lagoon.

Decoded sentence: two children run and play in the grass.
Answer sentence: two children run and play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children ride tricycles on the sidewalk in front of a brightly tricycle.
Answer sentence: two children ride their tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.

Decoded sentence: two children in pink are playing at the beach while one child in pink is drawing in the.
Answer sentence: two children playing at a beach, one in pink, drawing in the sand and the second child, in green, standing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two children are lying on a bench and four children and four adults.
Answer sentence: two children lie on puffy benches at a museum while four adults look on.

Decoded sentence: two children in pajamas have a older child like a hairnet and a hairnet stand down a wood.
Answer sentence: two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor.

Decoded sentence: two children are smiling and holding up a peace sign.
Answer sentence: two children holding up peace signs and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two children are eating food.
Answer sentence: two children eating food.

Decoded sentence: two children are reading a stone with a display and dialect while the child reads the display.
Answer sentence: two children display a stone with dialect on it while people in the background are reading.

Decoded sentence: two children are shown upside down.
Answer sentence: two children are shown upside down.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing with a kite in the open countryside out countryside.
Answer sentence: two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing on a makeshift barrel barrel.
Answer sentence: two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: two children are on a wet beach playing in the sand.
Answer sentence: two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand.

Decoded sentence: two children look at what they are showing their adults who are showing them.
Answer sentence: two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.

Decoded sentence: two children are laughing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two children are laughing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children climbing a airplane to their stairs.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing stairs which lead to an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing on a wall whilst a green ball whilst playing a green ball.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing on the wall of a white building whilst one child plays with a green ball.

Decoded sentence: two children are at a bowl and water pouring water into a bowl.
Answer sentence: two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl.

Decoded sentence: two children and a black dog are playing together in the snow.
Answer sentence: two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two cheerleaders in blue pants and dark pants are styled.
Answer sentence: two cheerleaders in dark blue pants and bra style top with yellow pompoms mid cheer.

Decoded sentence: two women talk a concrete wall with a building beyond talking on their cellphones.
Answer sentence: two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two brunette ladies wearing white flowing white dresses and walking golf passing by a huge.
Answer sentence: two brunette ladies walking wearing white flowing dress passes by a huge billboard of a father and son playing golf.

Decoded sentence: two black and black dogs jumping fence.
Answer sentence: two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence.

Decoded sentence: two brightly colored pub stand outside of a chicken.
Answer sentence: two brightly colored chickens stand outside of a pub.

Decoded sentence: two boys and two boys are riding in a parking amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: two boys, two girls, strapped in and ready for an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: two boys and one in matching red uniforms fight over a match for a soccer match.
Answer sentence: two boys, one in a red and one in a white uniform, fight for control over the ball during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop.
Answer sentence: two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing yellow jackets and boots are digging into a smaller dirt in a smaller.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt, the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets with white dots sit on what appears to be a boat.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets with white dots, are sitting on what appears to be the deck of a boat

Decoded sentence: two boys trying to fruit road on a dirt road.
Answer sentence: two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two boys are splashing in the big ocean.
Answer sentence: two boys splash in the big ocean.

Decoded sentence: two boys and a boy next to a parked fountain in a park.
Answer sentence: two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.

Decoded sentence: two boys pose in front of shrubbery attached to shrubbery a chain link fence.
Answer sentence: two boys pose in front of a prehistoric garden sign that is attached to a chain link fence, while shrubbery grows in the background.

Decoded sentence: two boys playing around the shore of a lake with a teal boy in a teal shirt throwing a.
Answer sentence: two boys playing around the shores of a lake with one boy in a teal shirt throwing rocks into the lake.

Decoded sentence: two boys performing lunch of a lunch of lunch in a room room.
Answer sentence: two boys performing what appears to be a kissing scene in lunch room.

Decoded sentence: two boys making silly signs next to a sign.
Answer sentence: two boys make silly poses next to a sign.

Decoded sentence: two boys kick around the ball in the meadow.
Answer sentence: two boys kick around a ball in a meadow.

Decoded sentence: two boys in black swimming trunks are holding a swimming beach on the beach.
Answer sentence: two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two boys run in the middle of the street while one boy with black shorts is running and.
Answer sentence: two boys are standing in the middle of the street, the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward.

Decoded sentence: two boys receiving ready to tennis at a tennis match.
Answer sentence: two boys are ready to receive a ball at a tennis match.

Decoded sentence: two boys are playing in the sprinkler.
Answer sentence: two boys are playing in a sprinkler.

Decoded sentence: two boys participate in a relay race with a baton.
Answer sentence: two boys are participating in a relay race with a baton.

Decoded sentence: two boys and two girls are jumping while they take a photo.
Answer sentence: two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken.

Decoded sentence: two blond people sit outside as a woman wearing casual clothing sits outside.
Answer sentence: two blond women sit outside as people walk by wearing casual clothing and some wearing bookbags.

Decoded sentence: two blond women sitting at a table serving with glasses and a red glass table from the.
Answer sentence: two blond women serve themselves from a platter while sitting at a banquet table with glasses of red wine.

Decoded sentence: two blond women in red shirts standing facing away with camera standing facing from the.
Answer sentence: two blond women in red shirt facing away from the camera, standing at the edge of a seated crowd.

Decoded sentence: two blond boys are having a water fight while the other in camouflage has blue shirts and.
Answer sentence: two blond boys, one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue, are having a water fight.

Decoded sentence: two black women in black uniforms.
Answer sentence: two black women in fancy uniforms

Decoded sentence: two black women watch a performance.
Answer sentence: two black women are watching a performance.

Decoded sentence: two black men standing near a table with planks and planks and examine the woods.
Answer sentence: two black men standing near table with planks of wood and examining something.

Decoded sentence: two u men in military military uniforms are on a balcony.
Answer sentence: two black men in u.s. military uniform are on a balcony.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs are splashing around on the beach.
Answer sentence: two black dogs splash around on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs run on the pavement.
Answer sentence: two black dogs are running on pavement

Decoded sentence: two bikers wearing black and black uniforms pedal on a road.
Answer sentence: two bikers wearing black and red uniforms pedal as they race on the road.

Decoded sentence: two campers riders riding a bike park road with a camper and rider.
Answer sentence: two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.

Decoded sentence: two people riding and talking down a street street.
Answer sentence: two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking.

Decoded sentence: two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two beige dogs are playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two baseball players standing at the mound of two pitchers are standing.
Answer sentence: two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another.

Decoded sentence: two young boys barefoot one in a blue clothing sit on a stone floor with one of the second.
Answer sentence: two barefoot young african boys in brightly colored clothing are sitting on a stone floor, one holding a clear bottle of water with a second, blue bottle on the floor between his legs.

Decoded sentence: two barefoot girls taking barefoot with their parents.
Answer sentence: two barefoot girls are taking a walk with their parents

Decoded sentence: two bald men sit at the window and one in a red curtain in front of a red window and the.
Answer sentence: two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains.

Decoded sentence: two bald men and a bald man with a desktop work on work next to a bed.
Answer sentence: two bald men in a bedroom with one man working on a desktop computer and the observing while seated on the bed next to him.

Decoded sentence: two athletes snap hurdles while one with a red and red shorts and the other one is jumping.
Answer sentence: two athletes, one with red shorts and shirt and the other with blue shorts jumping through hurdles with cameramen behind them snapping photos.

Decoded sentence: two asian women smile and laughing.
Answer sentence: two asian women smiling and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two asian men and a woman sit together in front of a glass car window.
Answer sentence: two asian or spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls run down a hallway as a man and girl walk behind them.
Answer sentence: two asian girls are smiling and running down a hallway as another girl and man walk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two asian females walking going.
Answer sentence: two asian females go walking.

Decoded sentence: two male and white male and a white male walking across the street with a person blurred.
Answer sentence: two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two children and a clown are walking and clowns down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two adults, a child, and a clown walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two adults on downtown cellphones.
Answer sentence: two adults on cellphones downtown.

Decoded sentence: two children teaching a sign that says peace sign to adults.
Answer sentence: two adults hold a sign which says `` teaching children for peace ''.

Decoded sentence: two adults work on a piece of wood.
Answer sentence: two adults are working on a piece of wood

Decoded sentence: two boys and a little boy sit on a porch scene scene in front of a exotic scene scene.
Answer sentence: two adults and a little boy sit on a homey exterior porch in front of an exotic flora and fauna nature scene.

Decoded sentence: two bets adults place on a casino table.
Answer sentence: two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table.

Decoded sentence: two men standing on a rubbish truck loading trash.
Answer sentence: two rubbish men standing on their truck loading trash.

Decoded sentence: two seam join a large pipe are welding a pipe.
Answer sentence: two pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling.

Decoded sentence: two mexican guys stand on a field of a field and one has a cigarette while the other is.
Answer sentence: two mexican guys standing on outskirts of a field, one has a machete knife and the other has cigarette in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: two indian women carrying head to load on their heads.
Answer sentence: two indian women loading bricks to carry on their heads.

Decoded sentence: two german shepherd playing with sticks.
Answer sentence: two german shepherds playing with a stick.

Decoded sentence: two chinese women at a store and third rap and a third store purchasing money for their.
Answer sentence: two chinese women at the cash and rap store third women counting her money for her purchase.

Decoded sentence: two asians engage in a train contest as they wait for the train.
Answer sentence: two asians engage in a staring contest while they wait for the train.

Decoded sentence: two asian women are completing a task for bamboo task.
Answer sentence: two asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls and an asian woman sitting at a farmers market including selling produce.
Answer sentence: two asian women and an asian girl are sitting at a farmers market and are selling produce including yams.

Decoded sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in the midst of a crowd full of motorcycles.
Answer sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in the midst of a crowd full of other motorcycle riders.

Decoded sentence: two asian males are celebrating a birthday cake with sparkling layered and sparkling candles.
Answer sentence: two asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls begging trash in front of a billboard.
Answer sentence: two asian girls hold a trash beg in front of a billboard.

Decoded sentence: two asian chess bench playing chess on a bench.
Answer sentence: two asian elders are playing chinese chess on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two african hats are standing on a play with one african sunglasses and the other wearing.
Answer sentence: two african americans are together and one is wearing a cowboy hat while playing the guitar while the other is standing with sunglasses on.

Decoded sentence: two african american people wearing vests and blue machinery are directing machinery while.
Answer sentence: two african american men wearing vests, as one african american man wearing a blue shirt with an emblem direct people or machinery.

Decoded sentence: two african american males taking photos into the camera.
Answer sentence: two african american males looking into the camera while their photo is taken.

Decoded sentence: twins dressed in all with purple pants and purple pants and purple shoes holding a gold.
Answer sentence: twins dressed identically in purple and gold sweaters with gray pants and black shoes, holding on to each other.

Decoded sentence: a man looks at a back filled back with 5 men in top and man on top.
Answer sentence: truck filled with 5 gallons bottles in the back and a man on top looking at them.

Decoded sentence: triangular blue wind flags in the wind.
Answer sentence: triangular blue and red flags flutter in the wind.

Decoded sentence: a obscured obscured to the right.
Answer sentence: trees obscure a building to the right.

Decoded sentence: a man in the foreground and two men playing golf in the background.
Answer sentence: tree in the foreground, two men playing golf in the background.

Decoded sentence: a litter litter litter.
Answer sentence: trash litters the ground.

Decoded sentence: a trampoline exercising to fun way.
Answer sentence: trampolines are a fun way to exercise.

Decoded sentence: a serene gets getting his view to get the view of the serene ocean.
Answer sentence: tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean.

Decoded sentence: the old topless man is wearing a blue hat and blue pants while reclining slippers and reclining.
Answer sentence: topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.

Decoded sentence: a topless man walking up a rocky path.
Answer sentence: topless men walking up a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: a toddler with a toddler around his mouth.
Answer sentence: toddler with milk around his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.
Answer sentence: toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.

Decoded sentence: a toddler sitting on a living room living room.
Answer sentence: toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar.

Decoded sentence: a toddler holding in a red hat holding on to a railing.
Answer sentence: toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.

Decoded sentence: the tire road marked the tire in the snow covered road.
Answer sentence: tire tracks have cut marks in the snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: people look on shelf and eating windows at a nice restaurant while he looks on from the.
Answer sentence: through windows into a building, we see on one floor people eating at a nice restaurant, while on the floor below we see a working man looking out at us from where he kneels between shelves and boxes.

Decoded sentence: a mirror of a mirror is seen seated of a mirror that is seated and the rear back back through.
Answer sentence: through the truck 's rear window you can see the back of the seats as well as the rear view mirror.

Decoded sentence: three younger ladies dressed in warm weather clothing adjust down a sidewalk with palm.
Answer sentence: three younger heavyset ladies, dressed nicely in warm weather clothing adjusting themselves while walking down a sidewalk with palm trees in the background and two younger men following several feet behind.

Decoded sentence: three young women wearing wetsuits on a beach and two wetsuits on the beach.
Answer sentence: three young women wearing wetsuits on beach, two gesturing at camera.

Decoded sentence: three young women standing in front of a photo booth.
Answer sentence: three young women standing in front of a photo booth.

Decoded sentence: three young women in a city city are standing high in the middle of the crowd with the.
Answer sentence: three young women in a city crowd are standing together and two of them are in the middle of high-fives with one another.

Decoded sentence: three young people planting flowers and planting a area with flowers.
Answer sentence: three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.

Decoded sentence: three young men riding a motorbike on a busy street while two men are riding motorbikes.
Answer sentence: three young men, two riding a motorbike on a busy street, looking at something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three young men wearing blue jeans and jeans are standing in front of a garage.
Answer sentence: three young men wearing blue jeans stand in front of a garage while having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three young men standing in a field of a barbecue giving a sign that young men stand and.
Answer sentence: three young men standing in a field behind a barbecue smiling each giving the two handed thumbs up sign

Decoded sentence: three young boys stand against a wall holding a young boy 's poster.
Answer sentence: three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster.

Decoded sentence: three young men cross the landscape on a rocky landscape while a young man reads a cellphone.
Answer sentence: three young men read the plaque on a wooden cross in a rocky landscape, one young man is talking on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young men playing a game of monopoly that they are playing monopoly.
Answer sentence: three young men playing a game of monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing.

Decoded sentence: three young men lounge while drinking beer from a bottle.
Answer sentence: three young men lounge while drinking beer from bottles.

Decoded sentence: three young men standing on a bench near a food bench and shoppers pass by.
Answer sentence: three young men are resting on a bench near a food stand while other visitors or shoppers are passing close by.

Decoded sentence: three young men giving a small barbecue sign while giving a small sign up.
Answer sentence: three young men are giving the thumbs up sign while grilling sausages on a small barbecue.

Decoded sentence: three young men are together in a man in a man in a man and a man in a young man is in.
Answer sentence: three young men are celebrating together in public.

Decoded sentence: three young women and a young woman are leaping in midair at the top of a flight of concrete.
Answer sentence: three young men and a young woman wearing sneakers are leaping in midair at the top of a flight of concrete stairs.

Decoded sentence: three young girls texting on cellphones while texting.
Answer sentence: three young girls chapping and texting on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young girls take part in a martial arts.
Answer sentence: three young girls are taking part in martial arts.

Decoded sentence: three young girls stand on a balance beam beam in a gym.
Answer sentence: three young girls are standing on three balance beams in a gym.

Decoded sentence: three young girls sit on a green and white tiled floor.
Answer sentence: three young girls are sitting on a green and white tiled floor.

Decoded sentence: three young girls playing and playing on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three young girls are having fun, jumping and playing on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three young children feeding water feeding from blue water.
Answer sentence: three young children feeding a turtle water from a blue container.

Decoded sentence: three young children are biting of two children and a girl biting with scenic mountains.
Answer sentence: three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.

Decoded sentence: three young boys sit outside at a obscured that is about to look.
Answer sentence: three young boys sitting outside are looking at something obscured between them.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with mud on the beach.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with the mud on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in a park.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in the park.

Decoded sentence: three young girls pretend around a guy and one guy behind him is laughing and looking around.
Answer sentence: three young adults are sitting around, with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing, and the guy behind him looks like he 's in midsentence.

Decoded sentence: three workers in orange clothing cleaning a subway track.
Answer sentence: three workers in fluorescent orange clothing cleaning the subway tracks.

Decoded sentence: three workers work on a metal roof.
Answer sentence: three workers are working on a metal roof

Decoded sentence: three women are standing in front of a chalkboard and one is laughing and laughing to the.
Answer sentence: three women, one with her back to the camera, laugh while standing in front of a wall with two framed photos and a chalkboard with prices.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing white gowns are dancing.
Answer sentence: three women wearing white gowns are dancing.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing blue and blue walk along a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three women wearing blue walk along a sidewalk while laughing and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three women standing by a table with drinks on it on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three women standing by a table with drinks on it on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting and waiting for a bench on a bench.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and waiting for something on a bench.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting and talk in a tiled area under jane.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign jane.

Decoded sentence: three women outside talking and one another dressed in a dress.
Answer sentence: three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another.

Decoded sentence: three women are leaving leaves with goods on a cart.
Answer sentence: three women leave ikea with goods on carts.

Decoded sentence: three women jumping by a seaside seaside.
Answer sentence: three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town.

Decoded sentence: three women in sports sports bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach.
Answer sentence: three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: three women in headscarves examine a camera.
Answer sentence: three women in headscarves examine a camera.

Decoded sentence: three women in gypsy skirts stand around a park area of a notre dame in france.
Answer sentence: three women in gypsy skirts stand around the parking area for the notre dame in france.

Decoded sentence: three women dressed in headscarves are together while in a dress.
Answer sentence: three women in dresses and headscarves outside.

Decoded sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.
Answer sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.

Decoded sentence: three women at a shopping mall are having one is playing with a cellphone and one is shopping.
Answer sentence: three women at a shopping mall, one has a dog, one is on her cellphone, one is playing with her necklace.

Decoded sentence: three people sit in front of computers and computers.
Answer sentence: three women are sitting in front of computers while people stand in front of them with small papers.

Decoded sentence: there are three women running through a puddle while two women behind them.
Answer sentence: three women are running through a puddle, and there are two women behind them.

Decoded sentence: three women are riding in a carriage.
Answer sentence: three women are riding in a carriage together.

Decoded sentence: three women running softball as one of them is playing softball.
Answer sentence: three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.

Decoded sentence: a man next to a floating object.
Answer sentence: three women and a child looking at something in the water, a man is next to the floating object.

Decoded sentence: three muslim women in a hijab walking alone in a hijab area.
Answer sentence: three woman walk, in their hijab, alone in an area of muslim denomination.

Decoded sentence: three white men performing and singing on a stage at a concert.
Answer sentence: three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert.

Decoded sentence: three women dressed in uniquely dancing in a parade.
Answer sentence: three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade.

Decoded sentence: three wilson traffic hanging over the street.
Answer sentence: three traffic lights hang over wilson street.

Decoded sentence: three olympic runners are in the line of a sport that is finishing a sport of sports runners.
Answer sentence: three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an olympic type sporting event.

Decoded sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.
Answer sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers in yellow shirts cooking food food.
Answer sentence: three teenagers in yellow shirts cooking colorful food.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers carry wood down the street as one of the teenagers are carrying at the.
Answer sentence: three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: three street musicians wearing brown coats play a trumpet in front of a store.
Answer sentence: three street musicians wearing brown coats play the drums and trumpet in front of a store.

Decoded sentence: three stout men wearing shorts sit past a man wearing a word factory with words cars and.
Answer sentence: three stout men wearing shorts are walking past a third man sitting in front of a parked car in front of a building with the word factory.

Decoded sentence: three soccer players in blue and white try to steal it away from the possess while one.
Answer sentence: three soccer players, the one in blue and red possess the ball and the one on white is trying to steal it away.

Decoded sentence: three small children in yellow shirts and one in red rollerblades are rollerblading on.
Answer sentence: three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt are rollerblading on a shiny marble courtyard.

Decoded sentence: three people standing and drinking near a tree with three people seated in the background.
Answer sentence: three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background.

Decoded sentence: three school boys posing under a blue umbrella.
Answer sentence: three school boys posing under a blue umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three dirt workers working on a dirt road next to a highway.
Answer sentence: three road workers work on dirt ramp next to highway.

Decoded sentence: three police officers on a sidewalk with motorcycles walking on the sidewalk in the background.
Answer sentence: three police officers on motorcycles on the street with pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in the background.

Decoded sentence: three people sit in front of a tall tree and a male and two people sitting at a hike of.
Answer sentence: three people, two males and a female, are sitting in front of a tall tree on the ground during a rest from a hike.

Decoded sentence: three people are smiling playing cards.
Answer sentence: three people, smiling while playing cards.

Decoded sentence: three people with blue shirts and one with a red and one with a red and navy work in the.
Answer sentence: three people, one with a black shirt, one with a navy blue jacket, and one with a red t-shirt, working in an office with a large messy bookshelf.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing costumes are standing and talking.
Answer sentence: three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sit between two people.
Answer sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues.

Decoded sentence: three people walk past a construction zone that is orange with orange plastic fence.
Answer sentence: three people walk past a construction zone fenced off with orange plastic fencing.

Decoded sentence: three people walk on a grass adjacent.
Answer sentence: three people walk on grass adjacent to a river.

Decoded sentence: three people standing in a line of famous people waiting to buy at a famous fair 's fair.
Answer sentence: three people stand in line waiting to buy something to eat at a fair booth selling martins ' famous louisiana sausage 's ( sic ).

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a river and one throwing a river into it.
Answer sentence: three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it.

Decoded sentence: three people are squatting down on the edge of a lake.
Answer sentence: three people squat down on the edge of a lake.

Decoded sentence: three people sit in the face while a guy is hanging up and looks like people sit at the.
Answer sentence: three people sitting in what looks like an rv, one guy is looking at us, the other two are facing forward, there 's a picture of jesus hanging up.

Decoded sentence: three people sit in lobby waiting.
Answer sentence: three people sit waiting in a lobby.

Decoded sentence: three people sit in the grass and a tree and a face watches as they watch by the distance.
Answer sentence: three people sit in chairs on the grass facing each other, while three more people in the distance by some trees watch them.

Decoded sentence: three people sit around a table with food and food on it.
Answer sentence: three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it.

Decoded sentence: three people are singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: three people sing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: three people pose with political signs out in a public.
Answer sentence: three people pose with their political signs out in public.

Decoded sentence: a guitar wearing a black hat and black pants with a black hat and a black hat singing.
Answer sentence: three people playing rock music, one of them is wearing a hat and a black pants with a black t-shirt and singing and playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three people on the grass are raking leaves and one is raking the garbage and the garbage.
Answer sentence: three people on grass, one raking leaves, one mowing the lawn, another standing by a garbage bag.

Decoded sentence: three people sit around a park that is parked on the grass while one takes a photo taken.
Answer sentence: three people is just sitting in the park one is lying on the grass the other one is looking around and the other one is taking photos

Decoded sentence: three people in various lanes race along a stage race lane various markers.
Answer sentence: three people in various stages of swimming strokes race along colorful lane markers.

Decoded sentence: three people in the snow are putting gear in order.
Answer sentence: three people in the snow put their gear in order.

Decoded sentence: three people in a room with drinks in their hands and drinks in the room holding drinks.
Answer sentence: three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand.

Decoded sentence: three people in a city scene are carrying a bottle of people in the city and one of them.
Answer sentence: three people in a group of cars in what appears to be a city scene ; two of them carrying a large bottle and one is a female dressed in high heels.

Decoded sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.
Answer sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.

Decoded sentence: three people backyard in a garden.
Answer sentence: three people gardening in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: three people enjoying the view in a modern building.
Answer sentence: three people enjoying the view in a modern building.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in white clothing and a piggyback ride piggyback ride in a white clothing.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in white clothing in caps giving three other people dressed in white clothing and caps a piggyback ride.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in black and black viewing a cliff overlooking a body of water.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in red, green, and black view a cliff that overlooks a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in black and white leotards on their hands set up in the same set.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in blue, white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on.

Decoded sentence: three people are dancing by a person in a subway station and cartwheels over a subway station.
Answer sentence: three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station, with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over.

Decoded sentence: three people biking on a path with the side on the side of the path.
Answer sentence: three people biking on a path with grass on either side of the path.

Decoded sentence: three people around a table playing beer and drinking beer.
Answer sentence: three people around a table playing a board game and drinking beer.

Decoded sentence: three people walking down a dirt path.
Answer sentence: three people are walking down a dirt path.

Decoded sentence: three people walking along a path two jog and a tree near a clear tree.
Answer sentence: three people are walking and two people are jogging along a cleared path near several trees.

Decoded sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.
Answer sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing a window with a woman dressed in glasses and glasses and two behind.
Answer sentence: three people are standing two are women playing instruments the women are dressed in robes with a stained glass window behind them.

Decoded sentence: three people prepare in the snow boat preparing ice boat.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a sign that has american flags on it.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a sign that has an american flag on it.

Decoded sentence: three people stand in front of a blue wall with graffiti and a blue crate and a metal crate.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it, while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: three people are smiling and having food while having drinks.
Answer sentence: three people are smiling while having food and drinks.

Decoded sentence: three people are sleeping in a mass transit.
Answer sentence: three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle.

Decoded sentence: three people sit at a picnic bench with umbrellas.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three people sit at a table while a man looks back at a man and a woman sits on a table.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at a table ; the man is leaning back, the middle woman is on her laptop, and the woman on the left is looking at the man.

Decoded sentence: three people sitting around a table playing a game.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting around a table playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three people are on a city sidewalk asian hair and wearing red with a couple wearing red.
Answer sentence: three people are on a city sidewalk- an asian couple and a woman with red dye in her hair- all wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: three people are on a boat and the sun are in the back.
Answer sentence: three people are on a boat in the middle of the water while the sun is in the back.

Decoded sentence: three people are in the alley with a dumpster and a dumpster over the dumpster.
Answer sentence: three people are in an alley with a dumpster, one skateboarding over the dumpster while the other two look on.

Decoded sentence: three people are in a window laying on the ground and one is laying on against the ground.
Answer sentence: three people are in an airport with one laying on the ground, a woman sitting against the window and a man standing with his luggage.

Decoded sentence: three people cross the street in new york city.
Answer sentence: three people are crossing a street in new york city.

Decoded sentence: three people are cooking using two gas using gas.
Answer sentence: three people are cooking outside using two gas grills.

Decoded sentence: three pedestrians walk along the street at the street that has asian lettering.
Answer sentence: three pedestrians walk along a street at sunset past a storefront that has asian lettering.

Decoded sentence: three women of a pair of underwear are hanging on a pair under wire.
Answer sentence: three pairs of women 's underwear are hanging on a wire under an awning.

Decoded sentence: three people from different colored underwear from a pair of underwear with people in the.
Answer sentence: three pairs of different-colored underwear hanging from a clothesline with people and cars in the background

Decoded sentence: three people stand next to a very aqua net with a bright yellow net and a net in the distance.
Answer sentence: three or two fishermen are standing next to a very bright aqua colored boat with yellow detail that has buoys, ropes and nets, and an identical boat with people in the water in the distance.

Decoded sentence: three older ladies listening to finish a meal at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk.

Decoded sentence: three naked naked boys are standing in a river and one is playing up a river.
Answer sentence: three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up.

Decoded sentence: three musicians wearing leather singers perform on stage with musicians and two singers.
Answer sentence: three musicians wearing leather are performing on a stage, including a guy with a guitar, and two singers.

Decoded sentence: three men and a white man wearing a blue shirt sitting in a chair around a table and beer.
Answer sentence: three men, two wearing white shirts, one wearing blue, sitting in chairs around a table drinking a few beers.

Decoded sentence: three men cross the crowd and two men dressed in black and white with white address their.
Answer sentence: three men, two dressed in white and another in black vestments with a gold cross, address a crowd.

Decoded sentence: three men are talking and one in a blue shirt and one in a blue shirt is talking.
Answer sentence: three men, one in a blue shirt, one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange shirts and orange shirts are looking like a man wearing a white.
Answer sentence: three men, each wearing a white shirt and orange shorts, build a sand castle while another man, wearing the same clothing, looks on.

Decoded sentence: three men dressed in rain gear prepare on a dock for a fish of fish.
Answer sentence: three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish.

Decoded sentence: three men and 2 lite one in front of a drum curtain.
Answer sentence: three men, 2 playing guitars and one playing the drums, performs in front of a lite beer curtain.

Decoded sentence: three men preparing quickly in the kitchen preparing quickly of a chinese restaurant.
Answer sentence: three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with a yellow and white.
Answer sentence: three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with three blue and white trucks nearby.

Decoded sentence: three men with reflective safety jackets and two men in reflective jackets watching the.
Answer sentence: three men with reflective safety jackets are watching two men in reflective jackets put rocks into a hole in the road.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing white shirts are taking pictures from a road while a man wearing a.
Answer sentence: three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing safety vests doing work in a field.
Answer sentence: three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange hard hats and orange hats work on a road road.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange reflector vests and hard hats are working on a road construction project.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange coats work on the street.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange coats working on a street.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing hats are walking up a rifle while the man is holding up with his flags.
Answer sentence: three men wearing hats are holding up flags, one man is walking with a rifle on his shoulder.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing military canadian shirts and blue shorts are holding a fourth ribbon.
Answer sentence: three men wearing canadian military fatigues and a fourth man wearing blue shorts and a red t-shirt stand side-by-side ; two men hold shears for a ribbon cutting.

Decoded sentence: three men walking in front of a colorful sign with tents on it.
Answer sentence: three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it.

Decoded sentence: three men walk outside of a white building.
Answer sentence: three men walk outside of a white building.

Decoded sentence: three men walk through a parking lot talking.
Answer sentence: three men talk together while walking through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three men stand outside in a suit laughing and laughing.
Answer sentence: three men standing outside in suits are talking and laughing.

Decoded sentence: three men stand on a podium as a man is four awarded and a award of four ceremony.
Answer sentence: three men stand on the podium while four other men stand along with them as part of the awards ceremony.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting at a table with a red and four candles and a red candle on the right.
Answer sentence: three men sitting at a table, one man pointing at the camera, with four red candles on the right.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting around a table during a engagement speaking.
Answer sentence: three men sitting around a table during a speaking engagement.

Decoded sentence: three men on scaffolding erect outside a building.
Answer sentence: three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.

Decoded sentence: three men observe a specimen under a microscope.
Answer sentence: three men observe a specimen under a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three women on stage watch as a man in a white shirt and a woman in a white shirt watches.
Answer sentence: three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.

Decoded sentence: three men in white lab coats sitting in a microscope with a microscope and a microscope.
Answer sentence: three men in white lab coats pointing at a computer screen while sitting in a lab with a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.
Answer sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men in overalls walk down the sidewalk in the midst of traffic.
Answer sentence: three men in overalls walk down a sidewalk in the midst of pedestrian traffic.

Decoded sentence: three men in orange vests sit pulling out of a ravine while a man sits inside.
Answer sentence: three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.

Decoded sentence: three men in canada shirts and shirts cutting uniforms of canada and a man in a uniform.
Answer sentence: three men in military uniforms and one man in a shirt that says `` canada '' are cutting a ribbon.

Decoded sentence: three men in cold weather walking down a road.
Answer sentence: three men in cold-weather styled clothing walking down a road.

Decoded sentence: three men in camouflage shirts and hats stand in front of a building.
Answer sentence: three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: three men in black jackets and white helmets are holding onto a busy handrail next to a.
Answer sentence: three men in black jackets and white helmets hold onto a silver handrail next to a busy street.

Decoded sentence: three men in a auditorium prepare to three tape.
Answer sentence: three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting around a ornate table with ornate microphones.
Answer sentence: three men have a conversation while sitting around an ornate table with microphones.

Decoded sentence: three men grilling on a porch grill.
Answer sentence: three men grilling on a front porch.

Decoded sentence: three men celebrating the goal in a goal.
Answer sentence: three men celebrating a goal in the game.

Decoded sentence: three men are fishing up a steel table on a steel table outdoors next to the water.
Answer sentence: three men are working up fish on a stainless steel table outdoors right next to the water.

Decoded sentence: three men work on the roof.
Answer sentence: three men are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing yellow hard hats and one wearing a yellow hard jacket look at a man in.
Answer sentence: three men are wearing safety yellow jackets and hard hats on the sight of a construction project ; one is in a hole and the other two are looking at the man standing in the hole.

Decoded sentence: three men are around in a man in a man and a man in a the man is a man and a man.
Answer sentence: three men are walking around in an open, stone building that has sand as the floor.

Decoded sentence: three men are riding on a shack with a shack in the background and a hat is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: three men are riding on an elephant with a shack in the background and two of them are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: three men look at a canyon on a canyon in a canyon.
Answer sentence: three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon.

Decoded sentence: three women and two women walk down an outdoor hallway with a man sitting on the steps.
Answer sentence: three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway past a man sitting on a step reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: three men and three women pouring each other aprons at the same time next to each other.
Answer sentence: three men and one woman standing next to each other, all wearing aprons and pouring something into each others cups at the same time.

Decoded sentence: three boys and small small boy work on a small train train.
Answer sentence: three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside.

Decoded sentence: three members of red team are in the grass with a yellow team of grass.
Answer sentence: three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team.

Decoded sentence: three men in hi viz jackets are attempting to pull a ditch to pull a ditch from a ditch.
Answer sentence: three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch.

Decoded sentence: three men and a man with baked goods around a cart.
Answer sentence: three man around a wheeled cart with baked goods while a man with a cane walks away.

Decoded sentence: three males sit on a table with a male on a sofa in front of them.
Answer sentence: three males are sitting on a sofa with beers on a table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: three male workers in bright jackets work in a field with shovels.
Answer sentence: three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.

Decoded sentence: three male figures cross a wooden rock stand next to a large rock as they cross the wooden.
Answer sentence: three male figures of different ages stand next to some rocks as they are dwarfed by a large upright wooden cross.

Decoded sentence: three male construction workers are examining a shovel to them and examine a field.
Answer sentence: three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.

Decoded sentence: three male dancers are on stage are on stage.
Answer sentence: three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.

Decoded sentence: three little kids on a downhill race race.
Answer sentence: three little kids on tricycles race downhill.

Decoded sentence: three little girls sit on the grass.
Answer sentence: three little girls are sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys take rubber in rubber grass on the grass.
Answer sentence: three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys on a river in the river.
Answer sentence: three little boys on a float in a river.

Decoded sentence: three ladies near a table scattered with notes written from a busy table from notes.
Answer sentence: three ladies near a table scattered with books, busy writing notes from their reference books.

Decoded sentence: three ladies wearing matching silver leggings and chatting.
Answer sentence: three ladies chat wearing silver leggings and matching wigs.

Decoded sentence: a yellow and white belt have one white on a red belt and a yellow and white belt.
Answer sentence: three kids practice martial arts, one has a yellow belt, on a red belt and the other a white belt.

Decoded sentence: three kids playing with brown kids.
Answer sentence: three kids playing with a brown pony.

Decoded sentence: three kids palying with a toy garden in the garden.
Answer sentence: three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden.

Decoded sentence: three kids on scooters with three wheels.
Answer sentence: three kids on a scooter with three wheels.

Decoded sentence: three children in different martial arts class are in a martial arts class.
Answer sentence: three kids in a martial arts class are in a stance ; each child has on a different color belt.

Decoded sentence: three individuals are diving for a scuba diving.
Answer sentence: three individuals are scuba diving.

Decoded sentence: three horses and a person are behind sunset.
Answer sentence: three horses and a person against a sunset.

Decoded sentence: three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal.
Answer sentence: three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal.

Decoded sentence: three handler riders carry a pair of water and carrying a pair of water through the beach.
Answer sentence: three handlers lead a string of 11 camels, each carrying a pair of riders, through shallow water on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three guys sitting on a rock looking at the scenery.
Answer sentence: three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery.

Decoded sentence: three guys riding on a house with a elephant and a guy in the background.
Answer sentence: three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three guys playing golf along a body of water.
Answer sentence: three guys playing golf along a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three guys are shoveling in the desert.
Answer sentence: three guys are shoveling in the desert.

Decoded sentence: three shirtless adults in shorts are practicing yoga while two adults are practicing yoga.
Answer sentence: three grown adults in shorts attempting to practice yoga, two adults are wearing tank tops, while the other is shirtless.

Decoded sentence: three girls pose for a picture while one of the other is kissing the other.
Answer sentence: three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek.

Decoded sentence: three girls and a young girl in native blue costumes dance on a football field.
Answer sentence: three girls in gold ' native american ' costumes dance on a football field while several young men in dark blue uniforms play drums behind them.

Decoded sentence: three girls in black and white dresses walking downtown.
Answer sentence: three girls in black and white dresses are walking downtown.

Decoded sentence: three girls walk along a sidewalk while one girl is bouncing a basketball.
Answer sentence: three girls are walking along the sidewalk together and the one in the middle is bouncing a basketball.

Decoded sentence: three girls are outside in a girl in a girl and a girl in a girl is outside.
Answer sentence: three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.

Decoded sentence: three girls loiter outside of a building next to a concrete structure and a man loitering.
Answer sentence: three girls and one man are loitering outside of a building next to a concrete structure.

Decoded sentence: three football players in blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field as.
Answer sentence: three football players in navy blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field ; one is kicking a football as he runs.

Decoded sentence: three football players are in action on a field.
Answer sentence: three football players are in action on the field

Decoded sentence: three firemen stand around two bearded firemen with beard and one with a beard leaning.
Answer sentence: three firemen are standing around two firetrucks, one with a beard is leaning against the firetruck, while the other two are talking to him.

Decoded sentence: three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.
Answer sentence: three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: three females sit on the ground and one has a hand in his right hand.
Answer sentence: three females are sitting on the ground while one has device in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps and goggles are lined up in a pool with their arms outstretched.
Answer sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps and goggles are lined up in a pool with their arms outstretched.

Decoded sentence: three female dancers are in front of a single curtain with their head raised and their.
Answer sentence: three female dancers are in front of a pale curtain with a single knee raised and their heads dropped back.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women and two with canes are walking through a parking lot.
Answer sentence: three elderly women, two with canes, walk through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women wearing coats are walking with purses and back to camera.
Answer sentence: three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women walking.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking together.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women walking behind a woman.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking from behind.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are standing in the snow and one is holding a red frisbee.
Answer sentence: three dogs, one holding a red frisbee, standing in snow.

Decoded sentence: three dogs walk across a snowy field.
Answer sentence: three dogs walk together across a snowy field.

Decoded sentence: three dogs running through the water.
Answer sentence: three dogs running through water.

Decoded sentence: three dogs racing racing around a racetrack.
Answer sentence: three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: three men pulling a baby in a blue jumpsuit in a snowy forest on a snowy forest in the.
Answer sentence: three dogs pulling a man in a brown jumpsuit and a baby in a blue snowsuit, on a sled in a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: three dogs on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three dogs on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are various sizes.
Answer sentence: three dogs of various sizes.

Decoded sentence: three dogs look at a cement ledge.
Answer sentence: three dogs looking at a cement ledge.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: three different people are taking pictures with a camera and dark pants and a light top.
Answer sentence: three different people, all wearing light colored tops and dark pants, are taking pictures with their cameras.

Decoded sentence: three democrat democrat a sign for a election.
Answer sentence: three democrat supporters hold signs for an election.

Decoded sentence: three complected complected sitting on a bench in front of a yellow tiled wall with a yellow.
Answer sentence: three dark complected ladies sitting on a bench in front of a yellow ceramic tiled wall, with the name `` jane '' on the wall or superimposed onto the image above them.

Decoded sentence: three dancers with costumes swirls and swirls.
Answer sentence: three dancers with swirling costumes perform.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers wearing white hats and neon green vests standing by a bridge.
Answer sentence: three construction workers wearing white hats and neon green vests stand against boating rail while a bridge and city sit in the background.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers in bright vests prepare to work on a road.
Answer sentence: three construction workers in bright vests prepare road to be worked on.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers standing outside and having a conversation.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers stand on a boat while one of a construction boat stands at.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing on a boat while one of the men points at something.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers working around on a bridge while leaving them workers leaving.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are joking around on a boat, leaving the bridge that they are working on.

Decoded sentence: three boys and two children stand together in the martial arts on a wooded room of a large.
Answer sentence: three children, two girls and one boy, in martial art stances, standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room.

Decoded sentence: three children between 6 of which are on a sunny day are holding 6 ages and planting 6.
Answer sentence: three children, between the ages of 6 and 9, are on a ledge holding plants over the edge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: three children writing in a classroom.
Answer sentence: three children writing intently in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: three children sit on the grass and one in a green bag toting bags on the grass.
Answer sentence: three children sit on the grass, one laying down, one in overalls smiling and one in green looking through a tote bag.

Decoded sentence: three children playing on the floor with a toy.
Answer sentence: three children playing on a floor with toys.

Decoded sentence: three children playing in a hay.
Answer sentence: three children playing in hay

Decoded sentence: three children inspecting a patio table.
Answer sentence: three children inspecting a patio table.

Decoded sentence: three children in different uniforms stand football player in different background while.
Answer sentence: three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field, while another player and an adult stand in the background.

Decoded sentence: three children pose on a playground slide.
Answer sentence: three children are posing on a playground slide.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing outdoors on a metal barrel outdoors while the metal swings for.
Answer sentence: three children are playing outdoors, two of them on a metal barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing in the sand near a play.
Answer sentence: three children are playing in sand near to the beach.

Decoded sentence: three children are on the floor with a building blocks.
Answer sentence: three children are on the floor playing with building blocks.

Decoded sentence: three children are trying to open a gift.
Answer sentence: three children and trying to open a gift.

Decoded sentence: three chefs wearing white hats and black aprons prepare food while preparing food.
Answer sentence: three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.

Decoded sentence: three chefs in uniforms prepare in a assembly line lined by pastries.
Answer sentence: three chefs in uniform are working in an assembly line to prepare pastries.

Decoded sentence: three women in green and green skirts are leaning against a metal fence staring to the.
Answer sentence: three brown-haired women in brown and green skirts lean against a metal fence staring to the left.

Decoded sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.
Answer sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.

Decoded sentence: three boys running on the beach playing a game.
Answer sentence: three boys are running on the beach playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three boys playing soccer.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: three boys are jumping outside while two boys holding a giant ball high ball while it up.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing outside, and two are holding a giant ball that looks like a globe while the other jumps up high over it.

Decoded sentence: three bikini side the side back to the tree in a bikini.
Answer sentence: three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini.

Decoded sentence: three signage players in striped uniforms on a large green ball in front of a large crowd.
Answer sentence: three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage.

Decoded sentence: three asian children and a light asian boy sit and studying in a classroom studying light.
Answer sentence: three asian children, 2 boys and a girl, is sitting and studying in a classroom that is painted light green.

Decoded sentence: three african american women dressed in bright orange and orange headscarves are bright.
Answer sentence: three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and headscarves.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting on a bench in front of a cafe and a sign that has a guitar and a guitar.
Answer sentence: three adults sitting on a bench in front of a sign for joe 's cafe listening to one man play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three interviewed interview interviews a couple of news interview and on a personal.
Answer sentence: three news personal interviewing a couple of senior citizens, while another person looks on.

Decoded sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk through a dirt path meadow during the woods.
Answer sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk a dirt path through a wooded meadow during the day.

Decoded sentence: people take outside with a bus and asian descent open with an open bus.
Answer sentence: this picture is taken outside a bus with people of asian descent riding along with open windows.

Decoded sentence: a strange of a strange time of a strange time picture.
Answer sentence: this picture is a strange combination of old times and present day.

Decoded sentence: frustration express express express.
Answer sentence: this photograph expresses intangible frustration.

Decoded sentence: people taking photos in a busy city street in a busy city where people take photos and.
Answer sentence: this photo takes place in a busy street in an asian city where people are riding bikes and walking.

Decoded sentence: gripe invites a problem of problem about first photo first.
Answer sentence: this photo invites amazon turkers to gripe about first world problems.

Decoded sentence: people watch a person perform a trick and a person performing in the background.
Answer sentence: this person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition, with people watching in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man with long white hard shirt and long hard shirt stands on top of the roof of the roof.
Answer sentence: this man with a white hard hat, and gray vest, and long-sleeve shirt is standing on top of a roof.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a bicycle race.
Answer sentence: this man is in a bicycle race.

Decoded sentence: people walking a entertainment of entertainment to create a street.
Answer sentence: this man is creating entertainment for people who are walking the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man is asleep on a man in a the man and a man in a a man and a man is asleep on the man.
Answer sentence: this man is asleep on a bench.

Decoded sentence: bigger little girl dressed in striped dress and one asking to smile or smile.
Answer sentence: this little baby girl dressed whimsically in striped pantaloons is pictured so that one must ask which is bigger, her feet or her sleepy smile.

Decoded sentence: furnished are newly furnished.
Answer sentence: this kitchen is newly furnished.

Decoded sentence: a man 's image of a older man sitting with his legs of dry grass and a image of dry grass.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an older man, who sitting with his legs folded near stack of dry grass.

Decoded sentence: a woman of a bikini top of a bikini in a bikini top of a swimming pool looking at the phone.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an asian woman in bikinis with her legs folded and looking at an i-pod phone on top of a swimming pool deck.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful evening of a evening.
Answer sentence: this is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gold robe and a white robe with a embroidery looking to his right.
Answer sentence: this is an aged middle-eastern man looking to his right while wearing a white robe with gold embroidery.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is jumping to look at a very beautiful in a beautiful neighborhood in the neighborhood.
Answer sentence: this is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman wearing a dark black sweater and dark black trousers standing on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: this is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.

Decoded sentence: a young of yellow hair with no hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in his lap.
Answer sentence: this is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking outside a scene of a coffee and coffee with two coffee including two.
Answer sentence: this is a scene of several people walking outside during the day, including a woman with two coffee urns.

Decoded sentence: people cross a street sign that are preparing to cross the street sign in front of the.
Answer sentence: this is a picture of a broadway rite aid pharmacy that has a bright neon sign and people are prepared to cross the street in front of it.

Decoded sentence: a man with a goofy face on his face grins.
Answer sentence: this is a man with a goofy grin on his face.

Decoded sentence: a young party of a young adults at the party and a adult have fun.
Answer sentence: this is a group of young adults at a party and they are all having fun.

Decoded sentence: a map of a good map of tourists.
Answer sentence: this is a good map for tourists.

Decoded sentence: the image is of a younger male holding a image of long hair as a gentleman holds a camera.
Answer sentence: this image is of a crying toddler being held by an older gentleman with a camera as a younger male with long red-hair stands beside them.

Decoded sentence: a helmeted person doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.
Answer sentence: this helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant is having a best of best and one of best.
Answer sentence: this has to be one of the best restaurant 's on the east side !

Decoded sentence: a lady is trying to enjoy the baby of his own baby and they with baby enjoy it like.
Answer sentence: this guy is try to be his own band and they lady with the baby looks like she enjoying it.

Decoded sentence: a tasty i tasty dishes enjoying their dish.
Answer sentence: this dish is very tasty and i enjoy this dish

Decoded sentence: a clown is proud to entertain a crowd.
Answer sentence: this clown is proud to be entertaining the crowd.

Decoded sentence: a third girl in a hammock.
Answer sentence: third-world girl in hammock.

Decoded sentence: a lap swims across the pool and laps.
Answer sentence: they swim laps across the pool.

Decoded sentence: a hockey plays ice.
Answer sentence: they are playing ice-hockey.

Decoded sentence: two young boys with blue and gray shorts are going for the camera as they go.
Answer sentence: these two young boys with blue and gray shorts, smile for the camera before they go play outside.

Decoded sentence: two people eating.
Answer sentence: these two people are eating.

Decoded sentence: two ladies work in a field.
Answer sentence: these two ladies are working in the fields.

Decoded sentence: three boys trying to carry wood.
Answer sentence: these three boys are trying to carry some wood.

Decoded sentence: people sit outside on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: these people are sitting outside on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people having various instruments and drinks while in various drinks.
Answer sentence: these people are in a restaurant, having drinks, and playing various instruments.

Decoded sentence: people doing dangerous things.
Answer sentence: these people are doing dangerous things.

Decoded sentence: people are demonstrating for the leader.
Answer sentence: these people are demonstrating for their leader.

Decoded sentence: a girl is in a field playing hockey hockey.
Answer sentence: these girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.

Decoded sentence: the beautiful blue man is on the sea is taking a picture looking at the beautiful blue.
Answer sentence: these five site seers are on the ocean looking out the man is taking pictures the others are looking at the beautiful blue sea.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black dress is carrying a musical flag of a ornate flag outside carrying a.
Answer sentence: these are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building.

Decoded sentence: the groom is very groom and groom very very animal.
Answer sentence: these are very well groomed animals.

Decoded sentence: onions of a very large onions.
Answer sentence: these are some very large onions.

Decoded sentence: there are people riding bikes and a man is helping a personal device using a personal device.
Answer sentence: there is one woman riding a bike and a man who is riding on a segway personal transportation device while carrying a pole that blind people use to help they detect things in their path.

Decoded sentence: there are walking on top of a school aisle aisle by a man and a school.
Answer sentence: there is one man who is sitting on top of a school bus while another man walks down the aisle of the bus.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in the foreground doing a hammer with another man and another man doing.
Answer sentence: there is one man in the foreground with a hammer, another is in the background, possibly doing the same work as the man in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: there are a big sign behind the dirt ramp that says big signs.
Answer sentence: there is big hill of dirt behind signs that say `` ramp closed. ''

Decoded sentence: there are friends running towards the camera in the street while the man is running towards.
Answer sentence: there is a young man running towards the camera, in the street, and his friend is cheering him on.

Decoded sentence: there are scooping in a lake and using a plastic scoops while using a plastic plastic.
Answer sentence: there is a young child in play clothes playing with the sand using a plastic scoop and the calm water in the lake or ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are splitting all dressed women dressed up in midair with beautiful multicolored.
Answer sentence: there is a woman, who is all dressed up in a beautiful multicolored tutu with a tiara, doing a split in midair for a performance.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman with a purple fashion purple way with his way to wrapped a way.
Answer sentence: there is a woman with a purple wrap on who is making quits the old fashion way with a loom.

Decoded sentence: there are sexy women in a sexy uniform 's guy dressed as a woman stands outdoors.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a black shirt and sunglasses with a black jacket with his back turned.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned.

Decoded sentence: there are articles at the window of a building containing a small woman hanging on what.
Answer sentence: there is a woman at the window of a building getting ready to hang a small piece of clothing on a clothesline right outside, which already contains some articles of clothing.

Decoded sentence: there are a man wearing a orange shirt playing a paper with a paper sheet in front of them.
Answer sentence: there is a woman and man wearing orange shirts, playing instruments with sheet paper in front of them.

Decoded sentence: there are a surfer wearing a black and black bodysuit balancing hand out a wave with his.
Answer sentence: there is a surfer in the water, wearing a red and black bodysuit, catching a wave with his hands out for balance.

Decoded sentence: there are people walking and having a bike in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat walking on.
Answer sentence: there is a street with people walking and walking their bikes, in particular one man in the forefront who have a black cowboy hat and black clothing on and a handlebar mustache.

Decoded sentence: there are small small notebook next to a pile of papers in left.
Answer sentence: there is a small spiral notebook next to the pile of papers in the bottom left.

Decoded sentence: there are construction shirtless man standing on a balcony of a construction site holding.
Answer sentence: there is a shirtless toned white man standing on a balcony of a construction site and holding some sort of tool.

Decoded sentence: there are all empty tables and empty.
Answer sentence: there is a restaurant and all the tables are empty.

Decoded sentence: there are a reflection near the water 's foot to be bear.
Answer sentence: there is a reflection near the bear 's feet indicating there is water.

Decoded sentence: there are a red horse behind a truck.
Answer sentence: there is a red truck behind the horses.

Decoded sentence: there are a person wearing jeans and jeans climbing a stairs.
Answer sentence: there is a person wearing a coat and jeans climbing stairs.

Decoded sentence: there are a person on the street walking between a yellow and yellow car with a yellow.
Answer sentence: there is a person walking on the street in between a red and yellow car with a bag and a basket full of items.

Decoded sentence: there are costco standing on top of a store outside of a stairway.
Answer sentence: there is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a costco store.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with a man in all black jeans and a woman in all black jeans are watching.
Answer sentence: there is a performance with a man in a t-shirt and jeans with a woman in all black while an audience watches and laughs.

Decoded sentence: there are people going on a parade float a oscar device of a parade and going up.
Answer sentence: there is a parade going on in the street, a group of people are holding up an oscar the grouch float device.

Decoded sentence: there are spatula men and a spatula are rolling over a spatula with a spatula on the opposite.
Answer sentence: there is a pancake pan cooking a pancake and a man is rolling it over on its opposite side with a spatula.

Decoded sentence: there are a man wrapped in a blanket of snow covered in snow covered in the snow.
Answer sentence: there is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with green and green shirt is cooking hamburgers outside on a grill.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a green t-shirt cooking hamburgers and hotdogs outside on a grill.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with a big gray shirt on a boat cutting fish to catch a big fish.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a gray shirt on his speed boat who caught a big fish, and has started to cut it open.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with a blue dress and blue coat playing a accordion in front of a accordion.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a fedora hat and blue dress coat playing an accordion in front of a sign.

Decoded sentence: there are bulldozers wearing construction gear standing next to a man wearing a construction.
Answer sentence: there is a man wearing construction gear, standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris.

Decoded sentence: there are a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.
Answer sentence: there is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.

Decoded sentence: there are tightly holding a rodeo horse on a rodeo and the crowd holding at the rodeo.
Answer sentence: there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in shorts and sandals walking out and the woman in blue shorts is walking.
Answer sentence: there is a man in shorts and sandals and a woman in blue jean shorts and flip-flops out walking together.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a white shirt and khaki pants.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a white shirt and khaki pants in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a microphone speaking in front of a microphone and a microphone.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a suit speaking in a microphone in front of a screen.

Decoded sentence: there are a man behind a white minivan and a man driving a white car driving onto the street.
Answer sentence: there is a man behind a white minivan, police car driving down the street as a white car pulls onto the street.

Decoded sentence: there are three girls in pink making dough of dyed dough and she is making dough.
Answer sentence: there is a little girl in pink being helped by three different adults as she makes something from dough and red dye.

Decoded sentence: there are a little boy walking down a railroad track holding a red stick and a little boy.
Answer sentence: there is a little boy in a red jacket walking down the railroad tracks and holding a stick.

Decoded sentence: there are little little girls with green shirts and red sweatshirt playing on a playground.
Answer sentence: there is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground.

Decoded sentence: there are people in the background are setting in the cot and the cot of the cot are setting.
Answer sentence: there is a large building in the background and there are lots of people and some of them are setting up cots with blankets on them.

Decoded sentence: there are a lady with glasses and a black shirt is playing a video game as she is playing.
Answer sentence: there is a lady with glasses and wearing a black shirt and she is also playing a video game.

Decoded sentence: there are a dining room eating in a dining room room that has black dog and people sleeping.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room, some sleeping some eating.

Decoded sentence: there are five men in blue and dark outfits are playing a accordion.
Answer sentence: there is a group of five men in dark blue outfits and one is playing an accordion.

Decoded sentence: there are a girl in all pink on the floor with all doll.
Answer sentence: there is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.

Decoded sentence: there are smiling and a man and a man are standing next to a island decorated in the distance.
Answer sentence: there is a girl decorating for an event and a man is standing next to her smiling, and an island poster in the distance.

Decoded sentence: there are people including a man at an outdoor station including a man in a hard jacket.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including some men in hard hats and safety jackets.

Decoded sentence: there are two children with two children and a man carrying flags standing on a stony place.
Answer sentence: there is a bride and groom with two children, a woman and a man carrying a flag, standing on a stony place.

Decoded sentence: there are a utility boat in the background to a utility boat left.
Answer sentence: there is a boat in the background to the left of the orange utility truck.

Decoded sentence: a female brown male and a brown and brown officer standing in front of a pole talking.
Answer sentence: there is a blond female office and a male brown headed officer standing in front of a pole talking.

Decoded sentence: there are tackling a man and a young man playing a game of football.
Answer sentence: there are young men playing a game of football, one man has been tackled by another player.

Decoded sentence: there are two young girls standing next to each other and a snowy field hugging their little.
Answer sentence: there are two young sisters standing next to each other in a snowy field, and the older girl is hugging her little sister.

Decoded sentence: there are people hiking on the trail and two young people hiking.
Answer sentence: there are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail.

Decoded sentence: there are two workers on a blue ladder with one of the black stripes and a ladder on the.
Answer sentence: there are two workers, one on a ladder, against a blue wall with a yellow-and-black stripe.

Decoded sentence: there are two women wearing sunglasses and a white hat and a white scarf.
Answer sentence: there are two women waving one hand and wearing white shirts, scarves, sunglasses, white gloves, and stewardess hats.

Decoded sentence: there small three small boys wearing green caps playing ball in a small green ball.
Answer sentence: there are two small boys wearing ball caps, playing t-ball in green grass with three adult men watching.

Decoded sentence: there are rock climbing on the ground and two people are on the ground.
Answer sentence: there are two people rock climbing, one is on the ground while the other climbs.

Decoded sentence: there are two men with backpacks and backpacks are wearing sunglasses and one is wearing.
Answer sentence: there are two men with sunglasses, one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack.

Decoded sentence: there are two men on a ladder of doing one of them doing a ladder.
Answer sentence: there are two men on a ladder one is at the top handing down to the other guy the number `` o '' as this what they do for a living.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in orange life vests are signals to a cruise ship at a cruise ship.
Answer sentence: there are two men in orange life vests signaling to a cruise ship docking at a pier.

Decoded sentence: there are two men wearing helmets and a metal helmet and a metal helmet tied at a metal.
Answer sentence: there are two men here at the center of the picture wearing red tie dye shirts and metal helmets topped with lit burners.

Decoded sentence: there are two men kicking a match on the left of the face while a man and a man in a karate.
Answer sentence: there are two men engaged in a karate match, the man on the left kicks the man on the right in the face while the man on the right kicks the man on the left in the groin.

Decoded sentence: there are two men sitting down at a window in front of the window and a female looking.
Answer sentence: there are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: two football players wearing blue and white uniforms are holding a ball while the other.
Answer sentence: there are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.

Decoded sentence: there are children playing at two children.
Answer sentence: there are two children at home, playing.

Decoded sentence: there are a tree with inside in the background.
Answer sentence: there are trees with no leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are three young people holding drinks and one with a dark hair and one with his head.
Answer sentence: there are three young people, one dark-haired holding a bottled drink, one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth, and one with spiked hair.

Decoded sentence: there are three young boys playing in a public park with a red ball.
Answer sentence: there are three young boys playing in a public park with a red ball.

Decoded sentence: there are three men clad clothed with fully clothed are laying on the beach.
Answer sentence: there are three fully clothed women laying on the beach together with a man nearby as well.

Decoded sentence: there are three dogs wearing jerseys running and running.
Answer sentence: there are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race.

Decoded sentence: there are majority a small building making up a window of a building that is making a tall.
Answer sentence: there are tall windows and small windows that make up the majority of the building.

Decoded sentence: there are a horse around the horse.
Answer sentence: there are several trees around the horses.

Decoded sentence: there are people looking into the water with a blue and blue water.
Answer sentence: there are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish.

Decoded sentence: there are construction workers at stage of a building that has gray in the early early.
Answer sentence: there are several construction workers at the top of a building which is in the early stages of construction and has only gray bricks for walls.

Decoded sentence: there are people standing at a sad area scattered with white tents and looking at the sad.
Answer sentence: there are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area.

Decoded sentence: there are many tennis players on the tennis player behind the tennis ball.
Answer sentence: there are many tennis balls on a stand behind the blonde tennis player.

Decoded sentence: there are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking.
Answer sentence: there are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking.

Decoded sentence: there are five red men behind a padded bench with a padded screen.
Answer sentence: there are long, red, padded benches behind the five screens, with only one man there to watch.

Decoded sentence: there are people cooking up a picnic table and a man and a big item are making big wood.
Answer sentence: there are items hanging up in the background and then there are picnic tables made of wood and two big grills where people are cooking and a man watching.

Decoded sentence: handprints handprints over a mat.
Answer sentence: there are handprints all over this mat.

Decoded sentence: there are four people talking in a phone booth.
Answer sentence: there are four people talking in the phone booths.

Decoded sentence: there are people dressed in orange clothes walking down the street.
Answer sentence: there are four people dressed in orange clothes walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: there are four individuals wearing black and black with black gear standing in line at.
Answer sentence: there are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.

Decoded sentence: there are five people in a picture talking and two men in the background and a man on the.
Answer sentence: there are five people in the picture, two guys talking near a sign for free advice, a man and women facing away and another man on a phone in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench bench.
Answer sentence: there are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside.

Decoded sentence: there are 4 people in the snow wearing a light bathing suit at night standing on a small.
Answer sentence: there are 4 people in the snow at night wearing bathing suits standing and walking near a small building with a light on.

Decoded sentence: there are 4 horses in a horse.
Answer sentence: there are 4 horses in the photo.

Decoded sentence: there are people in a picture and an little girl with a little girl else looking through.
Answer sentence: there are 3 people in this picture, a man who is looking through some object, another looking at something else perhaps not in the picture, and a little girl with her mouth open wide.

Decoded sentence: a woman of three women at a desk with long braided braided in the desk.
Answer sentence: their are three women at a desk and the women with the long braid looks in the microscope.

Decoded sentence: youthfully dressed spills spills picture of a man and he is taking coffee.
Answer sentence: the youthfully dressed man takes a picture of himself as he jumps in the air and spilling his coffee.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a white apron is holding a chicken to kill him for food.
Answer sentence: the young man in the white apron is holding a chicken he has killed and will be processing for food.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a blue shirt is holding a ladder of graffiti in a ladder covered in graffiti.
Answer sentence: the young man in the blue shirt holds the ladder for the man in the white shirt in a graffiti-covered alley.

Decoded sentence: ladie goalie taking soccer match during a soccer match.
Answer sentence: the young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: a young gymnast 's balancing body of balance body.
Answer sentence: the young gymnast 's supple body soars above the balance beam.

Decoded sentence: a young girl runs on the sandy beach.
Answer sentence: the young girl is running on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: a young baseball player contemplating his pitch.
Answer sentence: the young ohio baseball player contemplates his pitch.

Decoded sentence: fixtures of a stoplight casting a stoplight on a stoplight of metal.
Answer sentence: the yellow of the stoplight casts a glow on the metal of the fixture.

Decoded sentence: workers preparing a large tube for the tube.
Answer sentence: the workers prepare the large tube for hauling.

Decoded sentence: workers standing on a sidewalk with a large ladder and drill on a large city.
Answer sentence: the worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill.

Decoded sentence: gardener workers concentrate on task as he concentrates care with their trim.
Answer sentence: the worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care.

Decoded sentence: comprising comprising of colored seats for a slats 's bench using a different slats.
Answer sentence: the wood used for the seat portion of the bench is comprised of different colored slats.

Decoded sentence: corduroy women and red pants and red work trying to give each work.
Answer sentence: the woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt, but her red corduroy pants give her away.

Decoded sentence: a woman jumping to hit a blue and white volleyball while it jumps in the sand.
Answer sentence: the woman jumps to hit the blue and white volleyball before it lands in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses standing next to a sign that is wearing a middle of roadwork.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses in the middle of a street and is standing next to a roadwork ahead sign.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a jewelry and a jewelry necklace.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a necklace but has no other visible jewelry.

Decoded sentence: a woman holding a mug and sunglasses on top of his head.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.

Decoded sentence: arabic women are at a marketplace that is buying fish from a fish marketplace.
Answer sentence: the woman is at marketplace buying fish from an arabic person.

Decoded sentence: a woman in black pants and black pants with a gray dog walks out for a dog with his dog.
Answer sentence: the woman in the purple shirt and gray pants is taking the black dog and a child with an orange shirt and a girl with a gray shirt out for a walk.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a blue dress is holding traffic out to oncoming traffic.
Answer sentence: the woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black shirt is in the party and the woman with the black skirt gives the.
Answer sentence: the woman in the black shirt and reddish skirt is getting a gift from the man with the white shirt, while a girl with a white sweater is looking eagerly at what the man is giving the woman, and are, presumably, in a party.

Decoded sentence: a woman in glasses is wearing black glasses.
Answer sentence: the woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress.

Decoded sentence: a woman in black shorts has a blue dog and has a brown dog behind his right and a woman.
Answer sentence: the woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her.

Decoded sentence: italian wine with italian food and wine.
Answer sentence: the wine will taste great with italian food.

Decoded sentence: a bar window windows.
Answer sentence: the windows of the building are barred.

Decoded sentence: eerie view of a blue and white and white car with a helmeted person riding up a rock car.
Answer sentence: the white-helmeted driver of the red, white and blue car, with a passenger riding shotgun, whipped up dust and rocks in the wooded taped-off area, the debris creating an eerie, ghostlike view of the face of the person behind him.

Decoded sentence: a white swan off from the water.
Answer sentence: the white swan is taking off from the water.

Decoded sentence: a blue dog and dog coming out of a blue tent.
Answer sentence: the white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with black spots is catching a red frisbee.
Answer sentence: the white dog with black spots is catching a red frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a white dog chasing a toy attached to a toy across the grass.
Answer sentence: the white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass.

Decoded sentence: a white dog is squirting in the water with a jet of water.
Answer sentence: the white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.

Decoded sentence: a black and white cat paw at a piece of fabric.
Answer sentence: the white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric.

Decoded sentence: a clear weather.
Answer sentence: the weather looks clear.

Decoded sentence: water water water.
Answer sentence: the water is very clear.

Decoded sentence: calm water is a calm water.
Answer sentence: the water is very calm.

Decoded sentence: a mirror is a wall in front of a mirror.
Answer sentence: the wall in front of the bed is mirrored.

Decoded sentence: people with black and white shirts wait on a mirror in a restaurant with a big wall in.
Answer sentence: the waiter with a white shirt and black vest is waiting on the people in the restaurant with a big mirror in the wall.

Decoded sentence: a public from a public view at the beach.
Answer sentence: the view from a overlook at the public beach.

Decoded sentence: a child from a school window walking from a train window with a train window walking from.
Answer sentence: the view from a cracked train window of children walking to or from school along train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing shorts and one wearing a skirt and one wearing shorts are playing.
Answer sentence: the two young girls, one wearing a skirt and the other wearing shorts, are playing in a bubbling fountain.

Decoded sentence: two young children are riding in a black and white stroller and pushing them painted in.
Answer sentence: the two young children are in black and white face paint and costumes while riding in a stroller, they are being pushed by a man also in face paint and a costume

Decoded sentence: two people gaze at unique unique walls.
Answer sentence: the two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall.

Decoded sentence: two people walking on rocks by rocks.
Answer sentence: the two people are crossing the river by walking on the rocks.

Decoded sentence: two men fixing their are fixing a man.
Answer sentence: the two man are fixing something.

Decoded sentence: two horses are beautiful in the horse.
Answer sentence: the two horses are beautiful.

Decoded sentence: two girls are playing on a red and yellow jungle gym.
Answer sentence: the two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field.
Answer sentence: the two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs run through the water side by the water.
Answer sentence: the two dogs are running through the water side by side.

Decoded sentence: two gymnast atop a ball atop a large red and red ball atop a large event.
Answer sentence: the two bare feet of gymnast are seen balancing atop a large, red balance ball at a public event.

Decoded sentence: a green tree.
Answer sentence: the trees are green

Decoded sentence: white trailer.
Answer sentence: the trailer is white

Decoded sentence: a yellow light light.
Answer sentence: the traffic lights are painted yellow

Decoded sentence: dangerous way for the way of traffic and light it.
Answer sentence: the traffic light could be dangerous the way it is hung.

Decoded sentence: a sovereign sovereign named company.
Answer sentence: the tow company is named `` sovereign ''.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black and white striped shirt is on the river while they are on the river.
Answer sentence: the tourists are out on the river in italy, the man in the black and white striped shirt will tell them about the seine.

Decoded sentence: rules guide wearing dark shirt and he is pointing out as he points to the tour sign.
Answer sentence: the tour guide wore a dark shirt and cap as he pointed out the sign listing the rules to his young passengers.

Decoded sentence: three men all wearing black jackets with yellow tape tape.
Answer sentence: the three men are all wearing a black jacket with yellow highlighting tape.

Decoded sentence: thin older man wearing a striped shirt and gray pants and a gray moment on a bicycle moment.
Answer sentence: the thin, older man wearing an orange-striped shirt and gray pants carries his tools on a vintage gray bicycle and rests for a moment by the corrugated building.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player wearing a headband and headband from a headband.
Answer sentence: the tennis player wears a headband to protect his eyes from sweat.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player having a tennis player tied back.
Answer sentence: the tennis player has her hair tied back

Decoded sentence: the wedge is bearing in the gate.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is wedged in the gate

Decoded sentence: the tan teddy muzzle is bearing his nose with the brown teddy and white teddy.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is tan with a brown nose and a white muzzle.

Decoded sentence: the bottom is having a white teddy on the bottom of the bottom.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear has white pads on the bottom of its feet.

Decoded sentence: a circle has a yellow circle with a yellow circle and appears to be a circle in the center.
Answer sentence: the tail of the airplane has a yellow circle with what appears to be an animal in the center.

Decoded sentence: a food table with many type of food.
Answer sentence: the table is set with many types of food.

Decoded sentence: sprinkled sun lights on a train track.
Answer sentence: the sun sprinkles light on the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: there are a man on a man 's forehead while he is shining.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining on the man 's forehead and he must be hot with the hat on.

Decoded sentence: a busy cart waiting with a shopping cart lined in a busy cart.
Answer sentence: the store is very busy and clustered with customers and their shopping carts waiting in line and shopping.

Decoded sentence: folding bus stopped against the side of a bus.
Answer sentence: the stop sign is folded up against the side of the bus.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe on a giraffe 's face face.
Answer sentence: the spots on the giraffe 's face are smaller than the ones on its neck.

Decoded sentence: spectators wearing hats.
Answer sentence: the spectators wear hats

Decoded sentence: the soil looks on the dry soil as the soil is walking.
Answer sentence: the soil they walk on looks very dry.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player wearing a gold jersey jersey from the opposing team from the opposing team.
Answer sentence: the soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player in green head over his head clad player 's head.
Answer sentence: the soccer player in red kicks the ball over the head of his white and green clad opponent.

Decoded sentence: a snowboarder sitting down.
Answer sentence: the snowboarder is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: the pack are tightly tightly tightly snow near.
Answer sentence: the snow is packed down tightly near the parking lot.

Decoded sentence: a very smiling woman in a red helmet is holding a very red rope.
Answer sentence: the smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.

Decoded sentence: a small girl in a red snowsuit and large kitty sitting on a large snowball smiling.
Answer sentence: the small girl in the hello kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball.

Decoded sentence: a small white dog walks in the green grass.
Answer sentence: the small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: a small dog playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: the small dogs play in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a small boy in a red hat has a cracker.
Answer sentence: the small boy in the red hat has a cracker.

Decoded sentence: a blue sky is a clear sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue and clear.

Decoded sentence: a blue sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue

Decoded sentence: ombre in background have a blue top and a darker blue sky at the bottom.
Answer sentence: the sky in the background has an ombre effect, darker blue at the top and lighter blue at the bottom.

Decoded sentence: a skinny brown dog walks on a fallen tree.
Answer sentence: the skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.

Decoded sentence: a skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.
Answer sentence: the skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder in a white shirt and a skateboarder on the other are balancing on the ledge.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: arlington arlington indicates a sign for arlington.
Answer sentence: the sign indicates a marker for the arlington line.

Decoded sentence: a sidewalk sidewalk to his closest to desert.
Answer sentence: the sidewalk closest to us is deserted.

Decoded sentence: a man and a leather dress shining a nice man in a leather leather dress and black shoes.
Answer sentence: the shoeshine man, who shines shoes for a living, is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless shirtless male wearing a backpack helmet and backpack shirtless looks shirtless.
Answer sentence: the shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head.

Decoded sentence: a shadow of a shadow is shadow onto the field by the trees.
Answer sentence: the shadows of trees are projected onto the field by the sun.

Decoded sentence: a security guard smiling.
Answer sentence: the security guard is smiling.

Decoded sentence: a scuba diver underwater.
Answer sentence: the scuba diver is underwater.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing white coats and arms with arms and a man with a blue cap standing talking.
Answer sentence: the sailor wearing his white uniform and cap with his arms folded a standing in front of the ship as two man with blue coats are talking

Decoded sentence: rusty lock attached to a rusty.
Answer sentence: the rusty lock is attached to a chain.

Decoded sentence: rottweiller laying on head with green head and green head.
Answer sentence: the rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair.

Decoded sentence: a room.
Answer sentence: the room is carpeted.

Decoded sentence: a grey paving with a brick road.
Answer sentence: the road is paved with grey bricks.

Decoded sentence: ripples in water reflecting a sunlight.
Answer sentence: the ripples in the water reflect the sunlight.

Decoded sentence: a red line is lined.
Answer sentence: the red lines are slanted.

Decoded sentence: a policeman has notes in his hand.
Answer sentence: the policeman is having note in his hand.

Decoded sentence: a bolt bolt having two pedestrians and having it.
Answer sentence: the pole has two pedestrian signs bolted to it.

Decoded sentence: people standing on a field of baseball and many people watching from the baseball.
Answer sentence: the players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.

Decoded sentence: cheeseburger with a spoon and a club club are having a sandwich and a sandwich club.
Answer sentence: the plate with the cheeseburger has a knife, fork, and spoon, while the plate with the club sandwich does not.

Decoded sentence: overgrown or no trim are planting.
Answer sentence: the plants or shrubs have not been trimmed and are overgrown.

Decoded sentence: people are of a downtown street with people walking and crossing a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: the picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street, and walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a picture appears to be a picture.
Answer sentence: the picture appears to be all in black and white except for blue and red colors.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman is holding up a image of a gentleman on it and a image of a gentleman who is.
Answer sentence: the photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.

Decoded sentence: people towards the right wearing a riot uniform and a person seem to be right.
Answer sentence: the person towards the right is wearing riot uniform while people seem to be filing out.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bicycle wearing a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the person on the bicycle is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: a person in a striped shirt is climbing a mountain mountain.
Answer sentence: the person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing.

Decoded sentence: people watching a batter.
Answer sentence: the people watch the batter.

Decoded sentence: people on a street wearing a sunscreen street.
Answer sentence: the people on the street need to be wearing sunscreen.

Decoded sentence: people having a animal with people.
Answer sentence: the people have some animals with them.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in all white dresses are having a good time.
Answer sentence: the people dressed in all white are having a good time.

Decoded sentence: people walking up a ramp and a man is walking up a road.
Answer sentence: the people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: people eating teal colored walls.
Answer sentence: the people are eating by a teal colored wall.

Decoded sentence: a bolt bolt has a sign through it and pedestrians on top.
Answer sentence: the pedestrian sign has a bolt through it on the top and bottom.

Decoded sentence: a park bench mounted into the ground.
Answer sentence: the park bench is mounted into the ground.

Decoded sentence: please pain on to pain is crafts.
Answer sentence: the pain job on this craft is pleasing to the eye.

Decoded sentence: the older woman is talking to the woman.
Answer sentence: the older woman is talking to the child.

Decoded sentence: bump bumping playing a game called bump.
Answer sentence: the older male wearing a green shirt and shorts with black hair is teaching the younger male, wearing a graphic tee with blond-hair how to play a game, called bump off.

Decoded sentence: a lady and dark girls making toilet out of toilet paper plates.
Answer sentence: the older lady and dark-haired girl are making crafts out of paper plates and toilet paper rolls.

Decoded sentence: a naked cowboy cab talking by of america as a naked cowboy cab as a naked cowboy cab.
Answer sentence: the naked cowboy outside of the bank of america is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by.

Decoded sentence: musicians in brown coats walk in a tennis coat.
Answer sentence: the musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes.

Decoded sentence: the napkins cord is lying under the white mouse.
Answer sentence: the mouse cord lies under a white napkin.

Decoded sentence: a snowy in the woods and a mountain.
Answer sentence: the mountains in the distance are wooded and snowy.

Decoded sentence: a rocky biker in blue rides down a rocky path.
Answer sentence: the mountain biker in blue rides down a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: honda honda is a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the motorcycle is a honda.

Decoded sentence: a man is climbing.
Answer sentence: the men are climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a tub and a woman performing a task with a task.
Answer sentence: the man, who is wearing the handkerchief, is performing a task with the tub while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing while the son is playing.
Answer sentence: the man, the wife and the son are playing together.

Decoded sentence: a man visible a picture full of graffiti along a wall full of graffiti.
Answer sentence: the man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.

Decoded sentence: a man 's ear is having a stick as he has her ears out.
Answer sentence: the man 's ears stick out because he has no hair.

Decoded sentence: the man with the cane is on the cane.
Answer sentence: the man with the cane is on a walk.

Decoded sentence: a man with a backpack is sitting in a courtyard in front of a art courtyard.
Answer sentence: the man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a orange vest and vest is dropping a upper from a upper scaffold from a upper.
Answer sentence: the man wearing orange is dropping tools from the upper scaffold to the man in the red vest on the lower scaffold.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a colorful outfit is holding his hand while holding a camera in his hands.
Answer sentence: the man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing in a body of water near a waterfall.
Answer sentence: the man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.

Decoded sentence: a man is close together in a close.
Answer sentence: the man stands close to the train at the busy train station.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting on the bridge under the bridge and the litter is around him.
Answer sentence: the man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.

Decoded sentence: a man on a yellow basketball team is trying to score a basketball while a man is on a basketball.
Answer sentence: the man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot.

Decoded sentence: white man is white in a white man.
Answer sentence: the man is white.

Decoded sentence: a man is welding the iron.
Answer sentence: the man is welding the iron.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of a man in an urban outfit.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing upside down on a bottle with his hands on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is standing upside down on the bottle, with hands on the ground.

Decoded sentence: hatch standing behind a vehicle and a vehicle is standing behind a vehicle.
Answer sentence: the man is standing behind his opened back hatch of his vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.
Answer sentence: the man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a ski boat in the water.
Answer sentence: the man is on a ski boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: a man is riding a dirt bike bike with a bank of water on the water.
Answer sentence: the man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow shirt is singing and playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is singing and playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man in yellow pants is raising his arms.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.

Decoded sentence: hebrew in a red sweatshirt and hood taking place of hebrew and taking place.
Answer sentence: the man in the red, hooded sweatshirt looks back and construction is taking place on a shop with hebrew lettering.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hooded sweatshirt and large sweatshirt.
Answer sentence: the man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the large machine.

Decoded sentence: a man in a dark suit is doing a radio show.
Answer sentence: the man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.

Decoded sentence: a man in a cowboy hat is looking curiously at a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the man in the cowboy hat looks at the motorcycle curiously.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is looking in the direction of a little boy.
Answer sentence: the man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black leather jacket is jousting from a bicycle.
Answer sentence: the man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a man in the foreground is talking to the camera while the man in the foreground is talking.
Answer sentence: the man in the background is grilling food while the man in the foreground is talking to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man in black shorts and a green shirt with number 25 kicking the back soccer ball on.
Answer sentence: the man in black shorts and a green shirt with the number 25 on the back is about to kick the soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red and red shirt has a frisbee in the park.
Answer sentence: the man in a red checkered shirt is having beer and playing frisbee in the park.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue sweatshirt is in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: the man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a man is carrying a shopping bag to the bus.
Answer sentence: the man carries his shopping bags to the bus.

Decoded sentence: a man hiking through a large snow covered terrain.
Answer sentence: the man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman sitting by a boat.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are sitting by the boats.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman jars out of the jar that is drinking.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are drinking out of canning jars.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman are resting arm on a bench.
Answer sentence: the man and the women are resting their arms on the bench.

Decoded sentence: a little girl making a sign and universal a little girl.
Answer sentence: the little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for `` touchdown ! ''

Decoded sentence: a little girl swings in the backyard.
Answer sentence: the little girl swings in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is sitting on top of a rock.
Answer sentence: the little girl sits on top of a rock.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a floating device in the water.
Answer sentence: the little girl is wearing a floating device in the water.

Decoded sentence: a little girl gets soap soap his help of his brother.
Answer sentence: the little girl is helping her little brother get soap out of the dispenser.

Decoded sentence: a little girl smiling while a man is smiling.
Answer sentence: the little girl and the man are smiling.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting on a tractor 's lap while driving a blue tractor down on the road.
Answer sentence: the little boy sits on the man 's lap driving the blue tractor on the winding road down the hill.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in red attempting to catch a soccer ball by him.
Answer sentence: the little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.

Decoded sentence: a wind flying flying in the wind wind to become.
Answer sentence: the light could become a flying object in a wind storm.

Decoded sentence: the dark brown dog and dark dog is running in the green grass.
Answer sentence: the light brown dog and dark brown dog are running in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: the band members visiting with a song and has his song while the band is visiting along.
Answer sentence: the lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song.

Decoded sentence: the band singer from up a microphone is holding up a microphone in the air against the.
Answer sentence: the lead singer from a band is holding a microphone and both hands up in the air against a purple background.

Decoded sentence: the guitarist is playing on stage.
Answer sentence: the lead guitarist is playing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a large gray dog is jumping on the beach.
Answer sentence: the large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a large dancer around the hair sling.
Answer sentence: the large dancer is slinging her hair around.

Decoded sentence: a lake is a lake.
Answer sentence: the lake looks very shallow.

Decoded sentence: a lady is putting on colored lips in the mirror.
Answer sentence: the lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: a lady at a gym is lifting weights.
Answer sentence: the lady at the gym is lifting weights.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant including a man at a restaurant including a red man in a red jacket.
Answer sentence: the kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Answer sentence: the kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.

Decoded sentence: the kid is on a float in the snow.
Answer sentence: the kid is on a float in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a kid learns to ride a bike.
Answer sentence: the kid is learning to ride a bike.

Decoded sentence: white keyboard.
Answer sentence: the keyboard is white

Decoded sentence: temporarily malfunctions by a mechanical mechanical.
Answer sentence: the journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.

Decoded sentence: inline boy in orange shirt leaps over a blue barrel.
Answer sentence: the inline skater boy, in the orange shirt, is leaping over a blue barrel.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe of a giraffe image of a giraffe in the background.
Answer sentence: the image of the giraffe is clear, but the tree in the background is blurry.

Decoded sentence: a image break.
Answer sentence: the image links are broken.

Decoded sentence: the image is of a small red box inside of a white box.
Answer sentence: the image is of a red x inside a small white box.

Decoded sentence: horsies looking horsies same same.
Answer sentence: the horsies look to be the same age.

Decoded sentence: a horse on the right right.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right is red.

Decoded sentence: a mane on the right has a red mane.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right has a red mane.

Decoded sentence: a horse is a brown horse on.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left is brown.

Decoded sentence: a horse on the left has a white horse.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has white markings.

Decoded sentence: a mane on the left has a white mane.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has a white mane.

Decoded sentence: wagamama in gray dress and brown shirts holding mardi gras necklaces as he seem holding.
Answer sentence: the guy in the gray wagamama t-shirt seems a little tipsy as he chats with the woman smiling wearing a brown dress and mardi gras necklaces holding a glass of ale.

Decoded sentence: gummy gummy is bearing his cake on the color cake on the green cake.
Answer sentence: the gummy bears on the cake are green, orange, yellow, and red in color.

Decoded sentence: pebbles pebbles and a bike are with muddy ground parked bikes.
Answer sentence: the ground where the bike is parked is muddy with pebbles embedded into the road.

Decoded sentence: the snow covered in the snow.
Answer sentence: the ground is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: the bride jumps on the great wall of the bride.
Answer sentence: the groom and bride are both jumping on the great wall of china.

Decoded sentence: a red player is lifting a interfere up to the green team.
Answer sentence: the green team lifts a player up in victory after a hard game, but will the red team interfere ?

Decoded sentence: a short field in the grass.
Answer sentence: the grass in the field is short.

Decoded sentence: a girl jumps into the air on the beach.
Answer sentence: the girls is jumping into the air on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a girl with gray tank top and green shorts stands in the middle of railroad tracks.
Answer sentence: the girl with the green tank top and gray shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track.

Decoded sentence: a girl with black shirt is sitting on a bench next to a girl in a black tank top and a.
Answer sentence: the girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a pink and white shorts and shorts jumping in the sand.
Answer sentence: the girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a girl on a unicycle is reaching out for a unicycle on a unicycle.
Answer sentence: the girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a white shirt with a pink skirt and she is standing in front of a house.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a white shirt with pink skirt, and she is standing in front of a house.

Decoded sentence: a girl is rolling up a large roll of wool.
Answer sentence: the girl is rolling up a large bundle of wool.

Decoded sentence: a girl is lips lips.
Answer sentence: the girl is pursing her lips.

Decoded sentence: a girl plays with a driveway in a driveway.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing with her dog in her driveway.

Decoded sentence: people in black bikinis are standing next to two young girls wearing black outfits and.
Answer sentence: the girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop.

Decoded sentence: a girl in the purple top and shorts is laughing and laughing.
Answer sentence: the girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.

Decoded sentence: scribbled in pink clothing and a girl in a pink and green shirt looks with her fingers.
Answer sentence: the girl in the pink clothing scribbled in the sand with her finger while a girl clad in a blue green shirt looked in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the jacket is on a bike with a bike and suckers to the right on the right.
Answer sentence: the girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a pink shirt is high in a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: the girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a bright pink skirt is dancing near a dance.
Answer sentence: the girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a black shirt is giving a card card to her friends of friends and friends.
Answer sentence: the girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers.

Decoded sentence: a girl eating spaghetti wearing red jacket.
Answer sentence: the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe 's close to be mouth.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's mouth is closed.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe 's brown spot is lined by a white line.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's brown spots are separated by white lines.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe giraffe to the left.
Answer sentence: the giraffe is facing to the left

Decoded sentence: the groom is groom groomed.
Answer sentence: the gentleman is quite well groomed.

Decoded sentence: a gal wearing a blue jean jacket and sunglasses smiling.
Answer sentence: the gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling.

Decoded sentence: mike photo showing his photo of a male and a fuzzy male showing a instrument at the background.
Answer sentence: the fuzzy photo shows a male singer at a mike, with instruments arranged in the background.

Decoded sentence: oxidation slicing lemon slicing a lemon while slicing fruit.
Answer sentence: the fruits should be treated with lemon juice when sliced to prevent oxidation.

Decoded sentence: four asian girls stand on a street corner with a shoulder and four shoulders.
Answer sentence: the four asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: a football player wearing purple jersey and a purple jersey is wearing a purple jersey.
Answer sentence: the football players wear purple pants, gold helmets and white jerseys.

Decoded sentence: a red and white crowd and a white crowd football.
Answer sentence: the football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: a football player trying to score a score with his football.
Answer sentence: the football player is running with a football trying to score.

Decoded sentence: a needed eating food to eat.
Answer sentence: the food needs to be eaten soon.

Decoded sentence: a tiled floor.
Answer sentence: the floor is tiled.

Decoded sentence: choke baseman first baseball to choke a first.
Answer sentence: the first basemen for the atlanta braves chokes the baseball.

Decoded sentence: a field fence in a field.
Answer sentence: the field is fenced in.

Decoded sentence: a curled 's curled curled.
Answer sentence: the elephant 's nose is curled.

Decoded sentence: a elderly lady in a green dress is walking down a street using a cane using a cane.
Answer sentence: the elderly lady in the green dress walks down the street while using a cane to support herself.

Decoded sentence: a drunk man in a gray shirt is attempting to await a man in a gray shirt while drunk.
Answer sentence: the drunk man in the gray shirt is attempting to drill into a keg of beer, while another keg awaits.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in young chairs and they sit together in a chair.
Answer sentence: the dressed up young people are sitting in chairs while they wait.

Decoded sentence: the double polished is sink.
Answer sentence: the double sink is freshly polished chrome.

Decoded sentence: a dog is joining with a red harness.
Answer sentence: the dogs are joined together with a red harness.

Decoded sentence: a dog walks on a high plank.
Answer sentence: the dog walks on the high plank.

Decoded sentence: a girl is laying on the ground next to a little girl with red dog.
Answer sentence: the dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike.

Decoded sentence: a dog is chasing a goat around a yard.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing the goat around the yard.

Decoded sentence: a dog is carrying a toy through the grass.
Answer sentence: the dog is carrying a toy through the grass.

Decoded sentence: a dog in red vest running in the field.
Answer sentence: the dog in the red vest runs in the field.

Decoded sentence: a dashboard of a brown car with a brown toy.
Answer sentence: the dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll.

Decoded sentence: a chevron 's patterned patterned patterned as a chevron.
Answer sentence: the cylinder 's pattern could be described as red chevron.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist is pushing a cyclist who is after trying after making a round corner down the.
Answer sentence: the cyclist makes another push to try and keep his position after slowly down to round a corner.

Decoded sentence: a shiny cup.
Answer sentence: the cup is shiny.

Decoded sentence: a crowd gathered to watch a crowded event.
Answer sentence: the crowd is gathered to watch a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a couple looks at a large ship in the ocean.
Answer sentence: the couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a couple eating a meal outside.
Answer sentence: the couple eat their meal outside.

Decoded sentence: coordinate women 's clothing of clothing.
Answer sentence: the colors of the woman 's clothing do not coordinate.

Decoded sentence: monotone of a kitchen of tan colored black colored tan and black.
Answer sentence: the colors of the kitchen are monotone colors of white, tan, gray, and black.

Decoded sentence: a collie yellow board running down a blue board.
Answer sentence: the collie is running down a blue and yellow board.

Decoded sentence: a child plays on a four wheeler in the field.
Answer sentence: the children played on the four wheeler in the field.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on the deck of a red bucket on his head.
Answer sentence: the child playing on the deck has a red bucket on their head.

Decoded sentence: frog children leaping across a statue and land.
Answer sentence: the child leaps across to land on the frog statue.

Decoded sentence: seeks children are hiding and seek in a play.
Answer sentence: the child is playing hide and seek in the hay.

Decoded sentence: cheerleaders in red and white knee on a red and white knee.
Answer sentence: the cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: the horse center has a white horse on the center of the center in the middle.
Answer sentence: the center horse has a white spot on his in the middle of his head.

Decoded sentence: squinting cat cat.
Answer sentence: the cat is squinting.

Decoded sentence: a cat looks out of the ground level above the ground in the window.
Answer sentence: the cat is looking out of a window situated above ground level in a building.

Decoded sentence: alpha catches a group of dental and a dental movement movement in front of a group.
Answer sentence: the camera catches some movement as a man walks in front of the alpha dental group building.

Decoded sentence: gleaming gleaming.
Answer sentence: the bus is gleaming

Decoded sentence: a project is undergoing a construction project.
Answer sentence: the building is undergoing a construction project.

Decoded sentence: a window having a window.
Answer sentence: the building has many windows

Decoded sentence: a brown dog walks through the river surrounded by bushes.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is in the snow.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog laying down on a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog catches a ball in the air.
Answer sentence: the brown dog catches a ball in the air.

Decoded sentence: a brown hook call a beer bottle called a beer.
Answer sentence: the brown bottle of beer is called winter hook.

Decoded sentence: a black and black dog jumping up to catch a red ball.
Answer sentence: the brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball.

Decoded sentence: brilliant white attire and five adventures are serving back as brilliant brilliant snow.
Answer sentence: the brilliant white snow serves as a back drop as five men wearing snow boards and winter attire plan their snow boarding adventures.

Decoded sentence: two boys are at night table and sleeping out from homework.
Answer sentence: the boys are having a night out from homework ; some are at the table while two are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a red soccer suit is falling down while a boy in a white shirt is falling on.
Answer sentence: the boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.

Decoded sentence: a boy is skateboarding on a bench by a fence.
Answer sentence: the boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence.

Decoded sentence: a boy plays with a colorful ribbon.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing with a colorful ribbon.

Decoded sentence: a boy jumps in the air.
Answer sentence: the boy is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a gray shirt is standing next to a girl in a gray and green dress and the beach.
Answer sentence: the boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball as he waits out as he waits as he waits.
Answer sentence: the boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out.

Decoded sentence: a boy in swim trunks is laying down on a watery pavement.
Answer sentence: the boy in swim trunks is laying face down on a watery pavement.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a gray sweatshirt takes a trick of friends and a gray trick on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: the boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard.

Decoded sentence: white boat.
Answer sentence: the boat is white

Decoded sentence: mast having two large boat.
Answer sentence: the boat has two large masts.

Decoded sentence: there are red and blue fans blurred behind the red team.
Answer sentence: the blue team member is behind the red team member and there are fans blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: blonde tennis player wearing white shirt and green skirt.
Answer sentence: the blonde tennis player is wearing a white shirt and a green tennis skirt.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a blue shirt seems to be wearing a blue shirt and jeans.
Answer sentence: the blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: a blond man sitting on a beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset.
Answer sentence: the blond man is sitting on a case at the beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset.

Decoded sentence: overlap of scissors of scissors.
Answer sentence: the blades of the scissors overlap.

Decoded sentence: a black dog stands next to a wall next to an orange wall.
Answer sentence: the black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is watching the ball while the black dog watches.
Answer sentence: the black dog is catching a ball, while the white one watches.

Decoded sentence: a black dog and a brown dog running soccer.
Answer sentence: the black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running.

Decoded sentence: a black dog has a toy in his mouth while a person stands nearby.
Answer sentence: the black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.

Decoded sentence: a black and white race car going nearby around the track and fans watch.
Answer sentence: the black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.

Decoded sentence: a bird 's foot window tightly tightly.
Answer sentence: the bird 's feet are grasping the window tightly.

Decoded sentence: a biker is riding around a curve in the road.
Answer sentence: the biker is riding around a curve in the road.

Decoded sentence: a bike rider is running with a red bike and a black helmet and a black helmet on him.
Answer sentence: the bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him, both wearing green outfits and black helmets.

Decoded sentence: a metal bike is biking to a metal post.
Answer sentence: the bike is secured to a metal post.

Decoded sentence: bells at the top of the fence appears to be a wiring or wiring or wiring.
Answer sentence: the bell at the top of the tower appears to be surrounded by some sort of fence or wiring.

Decoded sentence: a oriental oriental building occupied.
Answer sentence: the beautiful oriental building is being occupied.

Decoded sentence: beast ruins an object.
Answer sentence: the beast may ruin the objects.

Decoded sentence: familiar seems to be having a friendly bear bear.
Answer sentence: the bears seem to have a friendly or familiar relationship.

Decoded sentence: a stand stand by the water.
Answer sentence: the bears are standing by water.

Decoded sentence: a bearded bearded bearded bearded.
Answer sentence: the beard have brown fur.

Decoded sentence: the beagle is on the beach shoreline along the beach.
Answer sentence: the beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline

Decoded sentence: a bat bat.
Answer sentence: the bat looks worn.

Decoded sentence: a bat connecting with bat.
Answer sentence: the bat connects with the ball.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player wearing a white outfit and orange sneakers is laying up doing a basketball.
Answer sentence: the basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up.

Decoded sentence: the tennis boy is waiting on the side court as they hit the ball for the tennis ball.
Answer sentence: the ball boys are waiting on the side lines of the tennis court while they watch the lady hitting the ball.

Decoded sentence: the city side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: the back side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a woman is seen looking at a table and two of the women are seen looking at the mirror.
Answer sentence: the back of two women looking at something which ca n't be seen but the reflection of one of the women can be seen in the mirror on the table.

Decoded sentence: a juggler of a indian hat holding a two indian jugglers in their hands and one in his hands.
Answer sentence: the back of hat wearing juggler holding two indian clubs in one hand and one in the other hand.

Decoded sentence: the back of a back stop sign.
Answer sentence: the back of a stop sign is visible in front of the stone building.

Decoded sentence: a lady in the distance is showing the back of a lady wearing a blue halter top.
Answer sentence: the back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown, a crowd in the distance.

Decoded sentence: the healthy animal is happy.
Answer sentence: the animals look very happy and healthy.

Decoded sentence: aggressive animal.
Answer sentence: the animals do not look aggressive.

Decoded sentence: a animal peacefully is peacefully in the animal.
Answer sentence: the animals coexist peacefully.

Decoded sentence: a airplane is photographed from above.
Answer sentence: the airplane is being photographed from above.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is posing for a photo in front of flowers and a photo.
Answer sentence: the little girl poses for a photo in front of flowers and pumpkins.

Decoded sentence: rottwieler dalmation with safety vest runs by of the irish setter.
Answer sentence: the irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the rottwieler and the dalmation.

Decoded sentence: setter flashlight retrieving a flashlight from a pond.
Answer sentence: the irish setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond.

Decoded sentence: texans texans quarterback with big green quarterback running back against a big bay and.
Answer sentence: the houston texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the nfc north-worst minnesota vikings, who are big rivals with the elite green bay packers.

Decoded sentence: the german shepherd dog is running after they run on the grass.
Answer sentence: the german shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a fedex ship listening to a fedex in a green and green hat and listening to his equipment.
Answer sentence: the fedex driver listens to the workman in the green hard hat while the equipment to ship is being loaded.

Decoded sentence: manor roller coaster downward downwards on a roller coaster with a frightened and a frightened.
Answer sentence: the drayton manor theme park roller coaster on a downward slide with frightened and joyous male and female passengers.

Decoded sentence: a chocolate lab late a chocolate black lab to get it in a driveway.
Answer sentence: the chocolate lab jumps too late to get the toy as the black lab captures it in the driveway.

Decoded sentence: a guy and people rollerskating to 4 people in an outdoor line on a sunny day with many.
Answer sentence: the 4 guys were rollerskating and blading a conga line in the outdoor staking rink with many other people on the sunny day.

Decoded sentence: a 2 greyhound dogs run around a track.
Answer sentence: the

Decoded sentence: obliverate men on snow riding out of the ground and riding a heavy neighborhood in a cold.
Answer sentence: the `` white out '' conditions of snow on the ground seem to almost obliverate the details of a man dressed for the cold weather in a heavy jacket and red hat riding a bicycle in a suburban neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: ten men gathered around a huge beach net on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: the telephone telephone is visible in the telephone.
Answer sentence: telephone wires are visible.

Decoded sentence: teens dressed as native teens are sitting in a park with native bags on the ground.
Answer sentence: teens dressed as native americans sit in the park with their school bags on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a teenager enjoys skateboarding in a skateboard area.
Answer sentence: teenagers enjoy skateboarding in a pedestrian area.

Decoded sentence: a man is kicking a party and a blond man kicking a boat.
Answer sentence: teenagers are partying on a boat while a blond teenager is kicking a man.

Decoded sentence: a teenager looks out the window of the window.
Answer sentence: teenagers are looking out the window of a bus.

Decoded sentence: a female sized tattoo with a tattoo and a tattoo is standing in the background.
Answer sentence: tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background.

Decoded sentence: speedo in tan print print walking walking down the street.
Answer sentence: tanned man in a animal print speedo walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: swimmers descend into the water looking descending into the woman while descending the.
Answer sentence: swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and white pants is swinging a golf club to his spectators.
Answer sentence: surrounded by spectators, a man in a red shirt, white pants and visor, swings a golf club.

Decoded sentence: tapered with hands and jenga raised jenga sitting on a table in front of she.
Answer sentence: surrounded by 5 other people in a room, a woman with raised hands smiles as a balanced tapered jenga tower sits on the table in front of her.

Decoded sentence: sunbathers frolic on the beach under the bright sun.
Answer sentence: sunbathers frolic on the beach under a bright sun.

Decoded sentence: the sun enjoys enjoys the sun is enjoying the music on the water.
Answer sentence: sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.

Decoded sentence: a campus sitting down on the steps and seems to be watching the campus and seem to be watching.
Answer sentence: students that look to be asian are sitting down on steps at a college campus and seem to be watching something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: students dressed in anticipation on snowy beach standing in anticipation and water.
Answer sentence: students standing on a snowy beach are getting dressed in seeming anticipation of jumping into the arctic water.

Decoded sentence: a electronic device on the steps and they check up stairs to check a electronic device.
Answer sentence: students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices.

Decoded sentence: people sit in a classroom teaching listening to a six students.
Answer sentence: students are sitting in a classroom listening to six people who are teaching.

Decoded sentence: a image of a fur patch with a fur patch of brown dog sitting in the grass with a tree in.
Answer sentence: stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: street vendor showing three customers for sale to customers.
Answer sentence: street vendors show their necklaces for sale to three customers.

Decoded sentence: the street vendor is making the sale on the busy city and beside the busy city.
Answer sentence: street vendors make sales on the sidewalk while cars pass on the busy city streets beside them.

Decoded sentence: the street vendor is selling the fruits in the basket and the basket is standing in the.
Answer sentence: street vendors are selling fruits and vegetables in a stand and in large baskets on the ground.

Decoded sentence: street vendor in europe is selling to the elderly people.
Answer sentence: street vendor in europe sells to several elderly people.

Decoded sentence: stilts performer by stilts on stilts playing a tuba.
Answer sentence: street performer by the beach on stilts playing the tuba.

Decoded sentence: a light at a red light.
Answer sentence: stopping at a red light.

Decoded sentence: two workers are on a large outdoor vat and a vat.
Answer sentence: steam rises from a large outdoor vat as two workers look on.

Decoded sentence: a man and an old gentleman stand at a table in front of a colorful screen and a man in.
Answer sentence: standing at a podium in front of a colorful mural and old gentleman uses a screen to communicate to other men at a table and in the audience.

Decoded sentence: a arched dancer is dancing in a tiled circle square while a palm dancer is on a circle.
Answer sentence: square dancers decked out in green and white square-dance attire circle around on a tiled patio with arches and palm trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a crowd is going off in the middle of the crowd.
Answer sentence: sprinkler goes off in the middle of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a photo as a man is jumping off of a bridge while one man is jumping off of spectators.
Answer sentence: spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a event in sunglasses at a event.
Answer sentence: spectators in sunglasses at an event.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a bicycle dressed in green and green outfit watching a bicycle.
Answer sentence: spectators are watching a man who is dressed in a red racing outfit holding a green bicycle.

Decoded sentence: spectators are seated behind a blue wall.
Answer sentence: spectators are seated behind a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: a child dressed in asia as she is doing a presentation as the audience is doing a presentation.
Answer sentence: somewhere in asia, a child is dressed in a costume, possibly as a sort of demon, and is doing a presentation in front of a large audience.

Decoded sentence: a dog wearing a black skirt and a gray skirt and jeans walking a dog.
Answer sentence: someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs.

Decoded sentence: a large pair of a large blanket and a pair of men sitting on a large blanket with a pair.
Answer sentence: someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men 's dress shoes in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a bench sleeping on a bench on a city street.
Answer sentence: someone sleeping on bench on city street.

Decoded sentence: a motorcycle is riding on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a parachute with green top having a face on top of it.
Answer sentence: someone parasailing with a green parachute that has a face on the top of it

Decoded sentence: edited sheet to the music sheet of the music.
Answer sentence: someone making pencil edits to the sheet music of violoncelli

Decoded sentence: a bridge is standing on a long bridge with a blue and blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: someone is standing on a long bridge with a cloudy blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: mailman out next to a house that is driving on to a mail driving on his house.
Answer sentence: someone is looking out their window watching the mailman deliver their mail and drive on to the next house.

Decoded sentence: the boat is in the water on the water.
Answer sentence: someone is in a speed boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: scrape women on a wire area holding a young woman who is holding a painted off to the shoulder.
Answer sentence: someone is holding a young women on their shoulders for her to be able to reach the area she would like to use a wire brush to scrape off peeling paint.

Decoded sentence: the yellow in yellow pants is on a ramp over the ramp.
Answer sentence: someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow.

Decoded sentence: the surface is drilling the surface is drilling the clear hole to clear the piece of hard.
Answer sentence: someone holding a piece of, what looks like clear plastic, down on a hard surface while they drill a hole through it.

Decoded sentence: a dog is training train.
Answer sentence: someone has trained the dog well.

Decoded sentence: a young man looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: a local kid in a yellow shirt is helping out with a staff and the staff in the local shirt.
Answer sentence: some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities.

Decoded sentence: a clown of an outdoor clown with a name tag that says tag.
Answer sentence: some sort of outdoor event with a clown wearing a name tag that says `` toodles ''.

Decoded sentence: people with black arts or green martial arts belts perform their martial arts on a green.
Answer sentence: some people with black belts, or black and red belts, are performing martial arts on a green mat.

Decoded sentence: people watch as a little girl stands making bubbles with his owner making bubbles.
Answer sentence: some people are watching a little girl and a owner of a stand making bubbles with some the items he is selling.

Decoded sentence: people stand alone on the beach in the beach.
Answer sentence: some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits.

Decoded sentence: people paddle in the air filled.
Answer sentence: some people are paddling in an air filled raft.

Decoded sentence: a season of a season on the side of a track with a tree season to begin to begin.
Answer sentence: some of the trees on the side of the track are beginning to change color with the season.

Decoded sentence: a bearded of a beard in a beard is turning a turn.
Answer sentence: some of the hair in his beard are turning grey.

Decoded sentence: a cow is together outside.
Answer sentence: some cows cluster together.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker taking a break.
Answer sentence: some construction workers are taking a break.

Decoded sentence: the children paddle and wearing life jackets are in a raft.
Answer sentence: some children wearing life jackets and holding paddles are in a raft.

Decoded sentence: the boy is crying on the trampoline and the boy in the red shirt is playing crying.
Answer sentence: some children are playing on a trampoline, a boy in a red shirt is covering his face as he cries.

Decoded sentence: a soldier is standing next to a tank.
Answer sentence: soldiers stand next to a tank.

Decoded sentence: a big player playing soccer in front of a big crowd.
Answer sentence: soccer players playing a game in front of a big crowd.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player kneeling down to kneeling shoe.
Answer sentence: soccer player kneeling down to tie her shoe.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player is kicking a ball off while the coach on the tee.
Answer sentence: soccer player kicks ball off tee as coach looks on.

Decoded sentence: a blue player trying to defend control while a player in the red ball is trying to soccer.
Answer sentence: soccer player in blue trying to control the ball while the player in red tries to defend.

Decoded sentence: the snow is kicking up to kick.
Answer sentence: snow is being kicked up by the board.

Decoded sentence: a man smiles in a blue and white overalls in front of a rock wall with a rock wall behind.
Answer sentence: smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him.

Decoded sentence: a small kid sitting inside a tractor and dirt in the dirt.
Answer sentence: small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt.

Decoded sentence: a small girl in a teal dress on his arms reaching for his arms and teal floor.
Answer sentence: small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp.

Decoded sentence: a small child with dark hair dancing and she is making a small child and they are dancing.
Answer sentence: small children with dark hair, dressed in brown smocks with sandals make faces as they dance.

Decoded sentence: a small child with blue floaties floaties over at the beach.
Answer sentence: small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a small child with black hair standing in a track near a sunflowers track.
Answer sentence: small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers.

Decoded sentence: a small child wearing a yellow life jacket is walking in the sand with his head on his.
Answer sentence: small child wearing a yellow life jacket walks in the sand with their boogieboard on their head.

Decoded sentence: a small child in a green shirt and green shorts squatting and looking at a small child.
Answer sentence: small child in green shorts and green shirt squatting and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: a small boy wearing a blue shirt and glasses out of the water while wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: a small boy dancing in the water and a sprinkler near a sprinkler.
Answer sentence: small boy dancing in a water sprinkler near a building.

Decoded sentence: a small black and white dog is running around a ball with a ball in his mouth.
Answer sentence: small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: slender running in the sand on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: a snowy dog is pulling a sled through a snowy forest.
Answer sentence: sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: skiiers at the top of snow covered hill.
Answer sentence: skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.

Decoded sentence: a skier taking a steep path down the path.
Answer sentence: skier takes a steep path down the mountain.

Decoded sentence: three black shirts and a white hat perform a trick trick and spectators perform on the.
Answer sentence: skateboarding wearing black pants, a white shirt, and a blue hat performing a skateboarding trick while three spectators look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder on a chain link fence through a chain link fence.
Answer sentence: skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.

Decoded sentence: six young men out on a balcony wearing a blue shirt with jeans.
Answer sentence: six young men out on the balcony wearing blue jeans with their shirts off.

Decoded sentence: six young women and six women sitting around a table at an alley bowling.
Answer sentence: six young man and one young woman are sitting and standing around a table at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: six women in a mirror room sit down and talk in front of a mirror.
Answer sentence: six women in a dressing room are sitting down, applying makeup, and talking in front of mirrors.

Decoded sentence: six cheerleaders dressed in a field are standing at the sidelines field during a pompoms.
Answer sentence: six skimpily dressed cheerleaders with pompoms are standing at the game field sidelines during an outside event.

Decoded sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.
Answer sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: six people stand in a concrete floor floor with baskets of baskets and green blocks on.
Answer sentence: six people are standing in a concrete block building with a piece of plastic and a green basket on the floor.

Decoded sentence: six men dressed around a desk with papers and a white suit sitting around papers.
Answer sentence: six men sitting around a desk with computers while a woman dressed in a white suit looks through papers.

Decoded sentence: six men shielding shields from the sun.
Answer sentence: six men shielding their eyes from the sun

Decoded sentence: six men and two men in the green boat are surrounded by wooden landscape.
Answer sentence: six men seat in a wooden boat while two are the background surrounded by logs and a green landscape

Decoded sentence: six children and a girl jumping into a swimming pool.
Answer sentence: six children, boys and girls, jumping into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: six children in lacrosse uniforms and helmets are running on a field.
Answer sentence: six children in lacrosse uniforms and helmets run on a field.

Decoded sentence: six boys running a football while one has a football.
Answer sentence: six boys play football, and one has the football and is running.

Decoded sentence: six hispanic males are washing rocks of a beach with a giant net of fish and a hispanic.
Answer sentence: six hispanic males are moving a giant fishing net with fish inside the net, with a jetty of rocks and a beach with the waves washing in the background.

Decoded sentence: a girl is sitting in an open ring on a public ring and holding a butterfly ring.
Answer sentence: sitting casually in a public place, a girl reads holding the book open with her hand on which is a butterfly ring.

Decoded sentence: a mug with a younger brothers of beer and a younger brothers on it is sitting close to.
Answer sentence: sitting at a table with beer empty beer mugs on it one brother is has a birthday cake sliced with sprinkler lit up while the younger brother is smiling with his eyes closed.

Decoded sentence: sweats man wearing a shirtless i i large crowd wearing love love rollerskates with love.
Answer sentence: shirtless man wearing rollerskates in a large crowd with a sweat towel that reads `` just love me ''.

Decoded sentence: three shirtless women walking off a cafe while a crowd walks past a crowd shirtless.
Answer sentence: shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless shirtless worker is building a home for his home.
Answer sentence: shirtless construction worker builds interior of home.

Decoded sentence: a youth standing around a piano setting as a piano is watching as a youth guitar and a.
Answer sentence: several youth stand around watching as a banjo player, piano player, and guitar players play in a dirty setting.

Decoded sentence: a young woman walking along a beautiful hallway.
Answer sentence: several young women walking along a beautiful hallway

Decoded sentence: a young woman playing a volleyball on a indoor volleyball court while preparing to play.
Answer sentence: several young women are preparing to play or practice volleyball on a indoor volleyball court while coaches are seated nearby.

Decoded sentence: poker people sit at a table playing poker.
Answer sentence: several young people sit at a table playing poker.

Decoded sentence: people in red shirts sit on steps.
Answer sentence: several young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: people gather outdoors with beverages and beverages at some kind of food.
Answer sentence: several young people are standing around drinking beverages at some kind of outdoors gathering with food.

Decoded sentence: a young child in a costume watching outdoor event.
Answer sentence: several young children in halloween costumes watching an outdoor event.

Decoded sentence: a young black section traverse a street section in a town market for people.
Answer sentence: several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town.

Decoded sentence: a woman is waiting outside in the city.
Answer sentence: several women wait outside in a city.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting holding a shuttle on a incline and incline.
Answer sentence: several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.

Decoded sentence: burkas dressed in orange and shirt walking out in public space.
Answer sentence: several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking down a city street.
Answer sentence: several women are walking down a city street.

Decoded sentence: a produce table setting up with a produce on.
Answer sentence: several tables are set up with produce on them.

Decoded sentence: tribal performers wearing matching red and white garb dance drums and dance.
Answer sentence: several street performers beat tribal drums and dance while wearing matching white and red garb.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player stands by in a rural field building with a brown and brown in the background.
Answer sentence: several soccer players stand by in a brown, grassy, rural field with a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people mill on an urban street near a building with a white umbrella and a sign with a.
Answer sentence: several people, some with umbrellas, milling about on an urban street near a white building with a mailbox and newspaper boxes in front of it, and a street sign that says `` park ave ''.

Decoded sentence: people including a shirtless man in a purple shorts and purple shorts is walking through.
Answer sentence: several people, including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say `` p.i.n.k. '' on the back, are walking through a crowded outdoor area.

Decoded sentence: people including a man in a green shirt and scarf dancing at a party.
Answer sentence: several people, including a man in a green shirt and a woman wearing a scarf, are dancing at a party.

Decoded sentence: people watch a quad on a daredevil ride wheelie down the street.
Answer sentence: several people watch a daredevil on a quad ride a wheelie down the street.

Decoded sentence: people walking past a food cart on a city street.
Answer sentence: several people walking past a food cart on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people walking inside a curve inside a building with various buildings and curved.
Answer sentence: several people walking along a curved walkway inside of a building with various advertisements.

Decoded sentence: people walk up stairs in a alleyway with graffiti painted in the alleyway painted on the.
Answer sentence: several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls

Decoded sentence: people walking up a staircase.
Answer sentence: several people walk up a staircase.

Decoded sentence: people walk along a waterway including a waterway with a scooter.
Answer sentence: several people walk along a waterway including a boy with a scooter.

Decoded sentence: people stand on a subway subway while two women holding a pole in the middle.
Answer sentence: several people sit on a crowded subway, while two woman stand in the middle holding the poles.

Decoded sentence: people preparing such as a sports sports activity is preparing for the sport.
Answer sentence: several people preparing for winter sporting activities such as snowboarding and skiing.

Decoded sentence: people seem outside on a sunny day in a sunny day seems to be part of a neighborhood.
Answer sentence: several people jogging outside on a sunny day in what seems to be a neighborhood, could be part of a marathon.

Decoded sentence: people in sweats clothing stand on a gymnasium floor while one person is laying on the.
Answer sentence: several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor, while a standing person grasps one of their legs.

Decoded sentence: people in a wooded area holding a folder and a folder is singing in a wooded area with.
Answer sentence: several people in a semicircle are holding folders and singing in a wooded area with many people in the background.

Decoded sentence: people at a snowy area with pine trees and pine trees in the background.
Answer sentence: several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background.

Decoded sentence: people sit down the street break in the mime appears to be ignoring a mime and a cigarette.
Answer sentence: several people are walking down a street, ignoring a mime in a turban, who appears to be sitting on something while on a cigarette break.

Decoded sentence: people stand under a tarp and one has all a cigarette in his jeans and one has a cigarette.
Answer sentence: several people are standing under a tarp ; two ladies are facing each other and one has a backpack on with her hands in her jeans pockets while the other one has a cigarette in her hand.

Decoded sentence: people stand around a small building with a picture of people painted on the side.
Answer sentence: several people are standing around a small building with a picture of a wasp painted on the roof and the side.

Decoded sentence: people wearing bathing suits in the woods socializing.
Answer sentence: several people are socializing outdoors in the woods wearing bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: people running a race next to a race.
Answer sentence: several people are running a race next to a vineyard.

Decoded sentence: people riding on a roller coaster going to various way on the way ride.
Answer sentence: several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways.

Decoded sentence: people riding a motorcycle down a narrow street.
Answer sentence: several people are riding motorcycles down a narrow street.

Decoded sentence: people play in a fountain.
Answer sentence: several people are playing in the fountains.

Decoded sentence: people playing baseball on a grassy lawn with a government in the background.
Answer sentence: several people are playing baseball on a grassy lawn, with a government building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people milling about a large colored house with a large colored house and a house.
Answer sentence: several people are milling about outside a large off-white colored house with a terra cotta roof while someone in the distance takes their picture.

Decoded sentence: people are raising their wooden in a garden bed bed and a black person is holding onto.
Answer sentence: several people are in an enclosed garden space while a young black boy and another person hold onto a wooden frame of a raised plant bed.

Decoded sentence: people look at a building and a person has a blue shirt and a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: several people are in a building looking at several bicycles, and the person near the front has a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: people eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: several people are eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people working on a road crew construction and working on nighttime.
Answer sentence: several people are behind a fence, watching a nighttime construction crew working on a road.

Decoded sentence: people are around the steps of a building wearing different clothing and many different.
Answer sentence: several people are around the steps of a building performing many different activities while wearing white and black clothing.

Decoded sentence: a menu menu showing his items along with sale.
Answer sentence: several menu boards are showing items for sale along with prices.

Decoded sentence: pedaled including one man in a white uniform with a white hat going down the street as.
Answer sentence: several men, including one in a uniform with a white hat, are looking down a busy street as a pedestrian and pedaled passenger vehicle go by.

Decoded sentence: people wearing cultural costumes dance for people seated at a table.
Answer sentence: several men wearing ornate cultural costumes dance barefooted for people seated at tables.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing a blue hat and hat is in a operating room and operating a smocks and his.
Answer sentence: several men wearing blue smocks, hats, and mouth coverings are in an operating room, each concentrating on something.

Decoded sentence: a man seems very excited seems very excited seems very excited.
Answer sentence: several men of indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man in reflective reflective vest and reflective vest is working in a area under a construction.
Answer sentence: several men in red reflective vests, helmets, and face masks work in an area under construction.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hard hat is operating a giant system system.
Answer sentence: several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue jumpsuit and blue jumpsuit stands next to a yellow man.
Answer sentence: several men in blue jumpsuits and yellow shirts stand next to yellow cylinders.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a red and white dress is dressed in the sand castle.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in white and red and building sand castles at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a cowboy hat and boots gets a man getting her shoes.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in cowboy boots and hats are hanging around, and one man is getting his shoes shined.

Decoded sentence: tinkering men are controlling with radio items.
Answer sentence: several men are tinkering with radio controlled items.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting conversing with a boat another another while another man is conversing.
Answer sentence: several men are sitting by a river conversing with one another while a boat drifts by them.

Decoded sentence: including a wedding party including a bride and a wedding member of a wedding party.
Answer sentence: several members of a wedding party, including the bride, are walking past a lamp and some park benches.

Decoded sentence: electronics gather around electronics table project in electronics.
Answer sentence: several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project

Decoded sentence: a individual.
Answer sentence: several individuals, some possibly of hispanic descent at a street market, grilling meat.

Decoded sentence: people speaking to water in front of water fountain in a building water.
Answer sentence: several groups of white people are speaking to each other in front of a water fountain and building.

Decoded sentence: a man appears into a microphone while a man in glasses appears to be speaking to speak.
Answer sentence: several gentlemen are speaking into a microphone and the man in the glasses appears to be saying something funny.

Decoded sentence: the elderly people are interacting with the other people.
Answer sentence: several elderly people are interacting with others.

Decoded sentence: a dancer with black pants and a colorful skirt and a colorful skirt dance.
Answer sentence: several dancers with tight black pants, skirts, and colorful scarves dance.

Decoded sentence: ballroom sit something on a conference style conference frame of chairs and a couple of.
Answer sentence: several couples sit on hotel ballroom style conference chairs and watch something outside the frame of the picture.

Decoded sentence: a hall hall walking down the hall.
Answer sentence: several costumed people walking down a hall.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red line is holding a rock while a man in a red line watches.
Answer sentence: several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line.

Decoded sentence: a child is sitting down with his face raised on his face while sitting down.
Answer sentence: several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces.

Decoded sentence: a child is sitting on a carnival ride in front of a balloon and a balloon and a clown ride.
Answer sentence: several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons.

Decoded sentence: a child riding on a cool weather in a cool weather.
Answer sentence: several children riding on a merry-go-round in cool weather.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white camera looking towards the camera.
Answer sentence: several children are sitting at a table as a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white design looks towards the camera.

Decoded sentence: dripping in orange clothing standing in front of a lake with a object holding up objects.
Answer sentence: several boys in bright orange clothing standing in front of a lake with boats in it, holding up an object that is dripping.

Decoded sentence: a blurred bottle in the background.
Answer sentence: several bottles are blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: the bike rider is competing in the competition.
Answer sentence: several bike riders compete in a competition.

Decoded sentence: the bike rider is attempting to cross the street with his bike while the traffic rider.
Answer sentence: several bike riders are attempting to cross the street and are also holding up traffic with their bikes.

Decoded sentence: a very yellow child waiting down at the bottom of a very tall yellow slide.
Answer sentence: several adults and children are either sliding down, or waiting at the bottom of a very tall yellow slide.

Decoded sentence: a eating food eating food.
Answer sentence: several asians eat food outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the asian people are on the train.
Answer sentence: several asian people are on a train.

Decoded sentence: a african woman is sitting in front of a hut.
Answer sentence: several african women sit in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: two children looking toward a camera in a blackboard while two children look toward the.
Answer sentence: several african children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera.

Decoded sentence: seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.
Answer sentence: seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.

Decoded sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.
Answer sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.

Decoded sentence: seven people are wading in a natural pool.
Answer sentence: seven people are wading in a natural pool.

Decoded sentence: seven men chip tiles with tile.
Answer sentence: seven men chipping tiles with hammers.

Decoded sentence: seven joggers running down a path.
Answer sentence: seven joggers run down a path.

Decoded sentence: a seagull flies in the water over the water past a boat flying.
Answer sentence: seagulls fly in the sky over the water where a boat sails past rocks.

Decoded sentence: sharpening sawing on a dark sharpened wheel by a man wheel.
Answer sentence: saw blade being sharpened on revolving sharpening wheel by a dark-skinned man.

Decoded sentence: people in costumes run st marathon 's run st street as people watch in the street.
Answer sentence: runners, some in costume, in a st paddy 's day marathon run in the streets as people watch.

Decoded sentence: a railing rollerblading on a slide.
Answer sentence: rollerblades sliding on a railing.

Decoded sentence: a huge worker gathered and taking a break as they huge copper bowls in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: restaurant workers smile as they take a break, gathered around a huge copper bowl in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: firemen from the reflection of a reflection.
Answer sentence: reflections from the firemen 's uniforms.

Decoded sentence: a woman is a elderly woman in the street.
Answer sentence: reflection of an elderly woman in a street.

Decoded sentence: a blue and white suv walk a beach shoreline on a cloudy day while patrolling the suv in.
Answer sentence: red white and blue suv patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the rear view of a choir is standing on a chair with a choir between his rear.
Answer sentence: rear view of a choir group standing on risers with a chair filling a space between the risers.

Decoded sentence: rafters in blue battle battle.
Answer sentence: rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids

Decoded sentence: puppeteer wearing black sleeveless shirts playing off a saxophone of a puppet and a puppet.
Answer sentence: puppeteer wearing a purple sleeveless shirt showing off a puppet that looks like a black man with shades playing a saxophone.

Decoded sentence: whereas protesters are in the foreground of a photo displaying a magazine that is in the.
Answer sentence: protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: preteen girl with bubbles playing with bubbles near a courtyard vendor in a courtyard.
Answer sentence: preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard.

Decoded sentence: a man with a lot of pottery in a blue outfit and a lot shows a man leaning against a car.
Answer sentence: pottery and cars are shown in a parking lot with a man in a blue outfit is leaning against the front of his car.

Decoded sentence: bystanders in white and white uniforms stand on a soccer field.
Answer sentence: players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field.

Decoded sentence: planter growing in a grown box.
Answer sentence: plants are growing in a planter box.

Decoded sentence: a pit car working on a race car.
Answer sentence: pit crew working on a race car.

Decoded sentence: a woman sleeping with a blue and white blanket while she is sleeping in the car.
Answer sentence: pink shirted woman sleeping in a car with blue and white blanket on her.

Decoded sentence: a hotdog of a hotdog in the street vendor.
Answer sentence: picture of a hotdog vendor in the street.

Decoded sentence: a person with a backpack in the field.
Answer sentence: person with a backpack in a field

Decoded sentence: puffy clouds atop the horizon of a blue person along the ocean setting and a blue horizon.
Answer sentence: person standing atop of a plateau, sun setting along the puffy white clouds over the horizon, above the blue ocean.

Decoded sentence: a person is smiling inside a playground of a playground and a playground.
Answer sentence: person smiles at child inside of playground structure.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.
Answer sentence: person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: a person is sitting at a desk in a library.
Answer sentence: person sitting at a desk in a library.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bike wearing a different hat with a basket tied to his back tied to the back.
Answer sentence: person on a bike wearing a cone hat, with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike.

Decoded sentence: a person in a blue cap standing on a mountain with a mountain wearing a cap in the background.
Answer sentence: person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a blue coat jumping in the water on the pavement with a body of water in the.
Answer sentence: person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a brown sweatshirt is doing a flip that has a electrical flip in midair and.
Answer sentence: person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip in midair over a trampoline with a river and electrical lines in the background.

Decoded sentence: people in beige coats and hats sitting on the sidewalk past a person sitting on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: person in a beige colored coat and hat sitting on the sidewalk while people walk past him.

Decoded sentence: a person is crossing a bridge in dim light.
Answer sentence: person crossing a bridge in dim light.

Decoded sentence: bales walk on bales grass bales and others walk in the grass.
Answer sentence: period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background.

Decoded sentence: lubricates ladies completing a assembly frame.
Answer sentence: performing some bike maintenance, the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed.

Decoded sentence: people with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for christmas trees with christmas.
Answer sentence: people with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for christmas with trees, lights, and a biblical scene on a wall.

Decoded sentence: people with small children on the ground pointing on the brick ground.
Answer sentence: people with small children on a brick ground, one man points to something for a child to see.

Decoded sentence: people wearing black and black and black tavern dancing at a watch.
Answer sentence: people watching two women wearing red and black dancing at a tavern.

Decoded sentence: people breakdancing and breakdancing.
Answer sentence: people watching a man breakdance.

Decoded sentence: people eating and eating tv.
Answer sentence: people watching tv while eating.

Decoded sentence: people watching a guitar playing guitar.
Answer sentence: people watch a musician play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: people walk up in the street with a shopping hat and two wearing shopping hats and two.
Answer sentence: people walking up and down the street in the daytime with shopping bags, two women are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: people walking overhead through a market with beautiful lights overhead.
Answer sentence: people walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights.

Decoded sentence: people walking in a supermarket.
Answer sentence: people walking in a supermarket.

Decoded sentence: people walking down the street in a hospital of one of which is walking a buttocks.
Answer sentence: people walking down the street in costumes, including one of a hospital gown that exposes the buttocks.

Decoded sentence: people walking down next to a store of a store.
Answer sentence: people walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a river near a beautiful river.
Answer sentence: people walking along a river near a beautiful homestead.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a busy sidewalk.
Answer sentence: people walk down the busy sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people walk down the street during a rainy day.
Answer sentence: people walk down a street during a rainy day.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hanging from the street.
Answer sentence: people walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a flight of stone steps.
Answer sentence: people walk down a flight of stone steps in public.

Decoded sentence: a construction street at the street in front of people entering a sign and people walk.
Answer sentence: people walk down a city street at nighttime in front of construction and a `` do not enter '' street sign.

Decoded sentence: people walking by a stall of people hanging in a stall.
Answer sentence: people walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to get on the train.
Answer sentence: people waiting to get on a train.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to enter a white sign through a building with orange way to the left way.
Answer sentence: people waiting to enter a white building through an entry way with an orange handwritten sign to the left of it.

Decoded sentence: people waiting outside next building building.
Answer sentence: people waiting outside a building next to a mural.

Decoded sentence: people waiting in line of beverages and beverages.
Answer sentence: people waiting in line for their favorite beverage.

Decoded sentence: people waiting at a bike on bikes.
Answer sentence: people waiting at a light on bikes.

Decoded sentence: people taking shopping on a path in a shopping center.
Answer sentence: people taking a walk on a path in a shopping center.

Decoded sentence: people stroll outdoors at an airport.
Answer sentence: people stroll outdoors at the airport.

Decoded sentence: people stand near the water while one is in purple is standing near.
Answer sentence: people standing near water one is wearing yellow and one is in purple.

Decoded sentence: people standing down the word building with a yellow building down with the words.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of yellow building with the words `` you are here '' hanging upside down.

Decoded sentence: people standing in front of equipment equipment.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of mechanical equipment.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a rug around a rug.
Answer sentence: people sitting on a rug around ropes.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.
Answer sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: people sitting around at a cafe out of a cafe cafe.
Answer sentence: people sitting at and walking around out front of a sweets cafe.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a curb watching the event.
Answer sentence: people sit on the curb watching an event.

Decoded sentence: people sit on folding chairs outside in front burning.
Answer sentence: people sit on folding chairs outside in front a burning fire.

Decoded sentence: people directly in a crowded event corner directly by a woman with a red hair and a woman.
Answer sentence: people sit in a crowded stadium watching some sort of event- there is a woman with red-hair in the foreground and in the bottom left corner two people stare directly at the picture taker.

Decoded sentence: people and men in the background appear to be shopping for their business owner.
Answer sentence: people shopping as well as a man in the background who appears to be a business owner of the fruit stand.

Decoded sentence: a seated stadium of people in the stadium.
Answer sentence: people search for their seats in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: people running in a marathon clothes running.
Answer sentence: people running in a marathon in running clothes.

Decoded sentence: people making right feet as the corner of the right makes a race while the onlookers make.
Answer sentence: people running a foot race make a right turn around the corner while onlookers line the sides of the street.

Decoded sentence: people ride in a cart that is pulled by donkeys.
Answer sentence: people ride in a cart being pulled by a donkey.

Decoded sentence: people racing on atv 's in full garb race.
Answer sentence: people racing on atv 's in full protective garb

Decoded sentence: people picking up trash in a park.
Answer sentence: people picking up trash in the park.

Decoded sentence: people talking to pass a cellphone on a busy city street.
Answer sentence: people pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones.

Decoded sentence: people outside in a city field.
Answer sentence: people outside in a city field.

Decoded sentence: people on two balcony and a man pouring up climbing on a balcony towards a liquid pipe.
Answer sentence: people on two balconies and a man climbing up a pipe towards the lower balcony getting liquid poured on him.

Decoded sentence: people on the beach are seen looking up to the beach and look up in the air of the sky.
Answer sentence: people on the beach look up to the sky to see a large heart written in the air by the contrail of a plane.

Decoded sentence: people on bicycles waiting at a intersection.
Answer sentence: people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: people on a crowded beach.
Answer sentence: people on a crowded beach.

Decoded sentence: people on the dirt field and bikes dirt path along the path in the field.
Answer sentence: people on atvs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: people of different ages are looking at various ages of indoor machine in bright colors.
Answer sentence: people of different ages are looking at lighted machines of various bright colors in an indoor area.

Decoded sentence: people all all ages stroll through a flea market to random merchandise from a large flea.
Answer sentence: people of all ages stroll carelessly through aisles and aisles of kiosks, browsing the variety of random merchandise from vendors at a large flea market.

Decoded sentence: people all all of red ages are taking a giant red scene in a giant country.
Answer sentence: people of all ages flock to a giant red building, this scene is taking place in an asian country.

Decoded sentence: people mingling at a colorful fair.
Answer sentence: people mingling at colorful fair.

Decoded sentence: people wait around to answer them or waiting for a act.
Answer sentence: people milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something.

Decoded sentence: people looking over rail at a rail in the distance.
Answer sentence: people looking over the rail at something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: people looking at fish at a fish.
Answer sentence: people looking at fish at an aquarium.

Decoded sentence: people look like giving a monument.
Answer sentence: people look upon a monument where a speed is being given.

Decoded sentence: people inside a subway car inside a car is holding a subway car outside to the car.
Answer sentence: people inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away.

Decoded sentence: people in traditional military military people riding elephants somewhere in asia somewhere.
Answer sentence: people in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in southeast asia.

Decoded sentence: people in the city.
Answer sentence: people in the city.

Decoded sentence: people passing at the side side street.
Answer sentence: people in passing at a street side sale.

Decoded sentence: people in orange vests and blue pants race a race with a yellow race.
Answer sentence: people in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.

Decoded sentence: people in costumes around a costume.
Answer sentence: people in costumes are walking around in the street.

Decoded sentence: people in black coats walk through deep snow bridge in the snow.
Answer sentence: people in black coats walk slowly through deep snow to approach a bridge in winter.

Decoded sentence: people in texas texas a man and texas a texas cooking in a festival.
Answer sentence: people in texas and having a festival in the streets, one man is cooking and his son is helping him.

Decoded sentence: people trying to get onto a rope on the second floor window holding a second rope.
Answer sentence: people holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor.

Decoded sentence: people hanging in a beach bath and clothing hanging out.
Answer sentence: people hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.

Decoded sentence: people hanging about in a crowded cafe.
Answer sentence: people hanging about in a crowded cafe.

Decoded sentence: people hanging onto a very safety rail on a very crowded bus.
Answer sentence: people hang onto safety rails on a very crowded bus.

Decoded sentence: people are together in a are a are on a are in a are in a are in a.
Answer sentence: people gathered together on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people gather in a studio 's studio.
Answer sentence: people gathered in an artist 's studio.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table with many blue and white decorations in a tent for a red tent.
Answer sentence: people gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent.

Decoded sentence: people taking pictures and drinks on a festival.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone.

Decoded sentence: people wearing bright yellow gloves and gloves suspended while suspended fireworks and.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red pants wearing yellow gloves hold bright fireworks suspended on long poles.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in red walk into a red colored building looking like people.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red are walking into an ivory colored building that looks like a castle.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in all shaved at a white lamb are looking at the lamb.
Answer sentence: people dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs.

Decoded sentence: people are together in a are a are on a are in a are in a are in a.
Answer sentence: people cram together in the back of a truck that is heading through green rolling hills while passing a pedestrian along the way.

Decoded sentence: people attending a park in the park.
Answer sentence: people attending an event in a park.

Decoded sentence: people at a tent outside under a tent.
Answer sentence: people at an affair outside under a tent.

Decoded sentence: people at a museum bench two with two children sitting down and lay.
Answer sentence: people at a museum standing by benches with two children laying down and one person sitting.

Decoded sentence: people around a table playing a roulette.
Answer sentence: people around a table playing roulette.

Decoded sentence: people watch a person in a weird plaza in a plaza.
Answer sentence: people are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk through a snow covered field with mountains.
Answer sentence: people are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk a marathon for people.
Answer sentence: people are walking the marathon for a cause.

Decoded sentence: people stand on the street and lit cars and light cars.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the street, and cars are standing on the intersection for the red light.

Decoded sentence: people walk on the sidewalk along a home store in front of a store store.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the sidewalk along the parking lot in front of a home improvement store.

Decoded sentence: people walk in the rain with umbrellas and umbrellas around the fountain.
Answer sentence: people are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain.

Decoded sentence: there are people walking down a sidewalk outdoors.
Answer sentence: people are walking down a sidewalk where there is an outdoors market.

Decoded sentence: people and women lean around on a large crowd.
Answer sentence: people are walking around and a woman leans on a baby carriage while a large crowd is seen in the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk around a oriental plaza.
Answer sentence: people are walking around an oriental plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk around a snow yard in the snow.
Answer sentence: people are walking around a yard sale in the snow.

Decoded sentence: people standing on a train platform waiting for the train.
Answer sentence: people are standing on a train platform waiting for the train.

Decoded sentence: people stand near a boat in a sandy area.
Answer sentence: people are standing near boats in a sandy area.

Decoded sentence: people stand in a room with a picture of people who have their picture of the television.
Answer sentence: people are standing in a room with a television that has a picture of a boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: people stand around one of them wearing a striped hoodie and a striped striped.
Answer sentence: people are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie

Decoded sentence: people spread around directions while standing around a wrong flag that is standing spread.
Answer sentence: people are standing around an american flag that is spread out, facing the wrong direction.

Decoded sentence: people sit outside on the grass in a large white building and a large purple building.
Answer sentence: people are sitting outside on grass or on purple chairs in front of a large white building.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a bench on the sidewalk surrounded by trees with a city view of the trees.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a ledge on the side of a street in front of a girl who has high heels.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a ledge on the side of a street, the girl in the front has high heels on.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a grassy ledge as others walk in the background.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a grassy ledge, while others are walking in the background.

Decoded sentence: people sit down in front of a white banner.
Answer sentence: people are sitting down in front of a white banner.

Decoded sentence: people sitting and drinking wine at a table.
Answer sentence: people are sitting and drinking wine at tables.

Decoded sentence: people setting up chairs on the beach.
Answer sentence: people are setting up chairs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: people seated and walking in front of a large coffee vendor while a large vendor walks.
Answer sentence: people are seated and standing in front of a green roofed coffee vendor, as a large group walk down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people run from a fire.
Answer sentence: people are running from a fire.

Decoded sentence: people ride around on a snowmobile.
Answer sentence: people are riding around on snowmobiles.

Decoded sentence: people are on a blue and blue train platform off of a blue train platform.
Answer sentence: people are on a platform getting on and off of a red and blue train.

Decoded sentence: people lounge on a lounge chair.
Answer sentence: people are lying on lounge chairs.

Decoded sentence: people look at town that have construction in the street.
Answer sentence: people are looking at construction being done in a town street.

Decoded sentence: people are in a restaurant eating.
Answer sentence: people are in a restaurant eating.

Decoded sentence: people holding a marching sign.
Answer sentence: people are holding signs and marching.

Decoded sentence: people go up towards a man in white shirt.
Answer sentence: people are going up towards a man in a white shirt.

Decoded sentence: people gather outside for a woman and a woman in front gathered at the camera.
Answer sentence: people are gathered outside for a protest, and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a platform of 1 with 2 trophies and 1 labeled trophies in front of the.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a platform on which stands a table of trophies with graduated boxes in front of the platform labeled 1, 2 and 3.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a conference business.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a business conference.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: people are gathered around tables in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people doing exercise routine in a parking routine.
Answer sentence: people are doing an exercise routine in a park-like setting.

Decoded sentence: people cross a street lined street in front of a building.
Answer sentence: people are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: people are at a party.
Answer sentence: people are at a party at night.

Decoded sentence: a japanese style area between a japanese style building between pedestrians walk through.
Answer sentence: pedestrians walk through an open area between several traditional-style japanese or chinese buildings.

Decoded sentence: a artist is interacting with a street interact.
Answer sentence: pedestrians interact with street artists.

Decoded sentence: a passerby is admiring art at an outdoor art fair.
Answer sentence: passerby admiring painting at an outdoor art fair.

Decoded sentence: a rave party at a table dancing by a party with a rave and rave on it.
Answer sentence: party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it.

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts asleep asleep.
Answer sentence: partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a street view of a vendor is walking down a street with a overhead vendor and a overhead.
Answer sentence: overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts.

Decoded sentence: a man on a coffee room and a coffee view sitting in the middle of the room and another.
Answer sentence: overhead view of a living room with a man on one couch, sleeping, and a dog on another while a coffee table sits in the middle of the room.

Decoded sentence: people in all silver are taking pictures over a dozen take pictures of the artistic people.
Answer sentence: over a dozen people surrounding and taking pictures of two people in all covered head to toe in all silver, in an artistic pose.

Decoded sentence: a window of a window are seen seen from a window of dirt and seen from the rain.
Answer sentence: outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.

Decoded sentence: shepherd woman wearing a red jacket chasing a german shepherd tree outside by a tree.
Answer sentence: outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a german shepherd to chase.

Decoded sentence: the asian words with the white banner on stage standing outside on a stage with a red banner.
Answer sentence: outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.

Decoded sentence: wendy holding a cardboard outside outside of cardboard.
Answer sentence: outside a wendy 's, a man holds cardboard.

Decoded sentence: a person in the daytime yard is walking and leaving a person with a ponytail and a ponytail.
Answer sentence: outdoors in the daytime, a person with a ponytail in silhouette walking left in front of a bus yard, with several buses parked.

Decoded sentence: a boy is handling a pot in a pot and looking on as it holds a yellow pot towards the light.
Answer sentence: other children look on as a boy in a yellow coat holds a red pot by the handle, tilting it towards a light orange tube.

Decoded sentence: the oriental man dressed in a tank top is jumping in the left hand with his left hand touching.
Answer sentence: oriental man dressed in tank top and shorts is jumping and almost touching his left foot with left hand.

Decoded sentence: four construction four travel down a downtown street lane in the middle lane for a urban.
Answer sentence: orange construction trucks travel down a littered four-lane street in the middles of a concrete, urban downtown.

Decoded sentence: a orange suv driving by the shore.
Answer sentence: orange suv drive by the shore.

Decoded sentence: scatteredly directly to a individual with a black umbrella and a blurry camera looks directly.
Answer sentence: open, scatteredly placed umbrellas, fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera.

Decoded sentence: a little boy and a little boy in a red shirt leaning out a window.
Answer sentence: only the letters `` and '' are clearly visible as the little boy in the red shirt leans out the window below.

Decoded sentence: thrashes behind a brown bull behind a brown bull and rider watch to the ground and onlookers.
Answer sentence: onlookers behind a fence watch and someone rushes to help as a white and brown speckled bull thrashes around and the rider falls to the ground.

Decoded sentence: a young man with orange short hair is sitting down and bored.
Answer sentence: one young man with short orange hair is fiddling his thumbs and sitting down looking very bored.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a blue dress and black pants with a black top and a young girl with a blue.
Answer sentence: one young girl in a white hat and a blue dress, and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other, the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: wrestlers curled away from on a curling floor while curled up.
Answer sentence: one wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman with sunglasses and sunglasses is serving beer from the tap.
Answer sentence: one woman with red-hair and sunglasses serving a beer from the tap.

Decoded sentence: a third woman sitting on a rock of rocks and a third takes a picture.
Answer sentence: one woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting and working on an unfinished stoop while a woman sits beside it.
Answer sentence: one woman is sitting under a loom, another woman is stooping beside it, and is working on the unfinished item.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a mouth is holding a face to have a face on the side of the face.
Answer sentence: one woman is holding something up to her mouth while the other woman has her fingers on the side of her face.

Decoded sentence: a toddler taking a piece of crying pieces of others taking him away.
Answer sentence: one toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry.

Decoded sentence: a small child walking away the water near the water of the water is walking away.
Answer sentence: one small child is climbing a tree near a body of water while another child walks away.

Decoded sentence: a skier on a snowy shack is going towards a small shack of a shack with his arms going.
Answer sentence: one skier on a snowy hill is walking towards a small shack with his arms and ski poles extended as he goes.

Decoded sentence: people shirtless women in a picture of people watch as one takes a picture of the road.
Answer sentence: one shirtless man is taking pictures of the other people in the road, one of which is skateboarding, while a woman watches from across the road.

Decoded sentence: the person is wearing a blue shirt and holding a wet shirt and it is holding a wet nighttime.
Answer sentence: one person, smiling broadly, holds another person wearing a blue shirt ; both are soaking wet, and it is nighttime.

Decoded sentence: a person snowboarding on the snowboard.
Answer sentence: one person snowboarding while others look on.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping on a sidewalk wearing a black shirt and sleeping on a green sidewalk.
Answer sentence: one person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the sun.
Answer sentence: one person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves.

Decoded sentence: died showing one person showing his died.
Answer sentence: one person is showing her condolence of the one died.

Decoded sentence: a person helping up a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky for the cloudy sky.
Answer sentence: one person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky.

Decoded sentence: a person is taking a picture in the middle of the field and friends doing pictures.
Answer sentence: one person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.

Decoded sentence: the old guy is walking by the park.
Answer sentence: one old homeless guy walks by the park.

Decoded sentence: a woman is married with a woman on with a ring on his fingers.
Answer sentence: one of the women is married with a ring on her ring finger.

Decoded sentence: thicker of a thicker wire of a wire wire.
Answer sentence: one of the visible wires is thicker then the other.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player is picking as one of the tennis racket is out of the racket.
Answer sentence: one of the tennis players is picking something out of his racket.

Decoded sentence: a member of a guitar and a black electric guitar playing a electric guitar in front of.
Answer sentence: one of the members of kiss playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background.

Decoded sentence: the metropolitan of a bus and others marked to one of the metropolitan metropolitan.
Answer sentence: one of the buses is marked `` linea express '' while the other is marked `` metropolitan transit system ''.

Decoded sentence: tsa looking down on a american flag in front of a american flag.
Answer sentence: one nun being patted down by a tsa agent in front of an american flag, while a civilian looks on.

Decoded sentence: a man is laughing on the cheek wearing a formal cheek and laughing.
Answer sentence: one men is laughing while being kissed on the cheek by another man, both men are wearing formal wear

Decoded sentence: mechanics sitting on the roof of a school bus with a open door and others open.
Answer sentence: one mechanic is sitting on the roof of a school bus with an open door, while the other is standing inside the bus.

Decoded sentence: people wearing hooded sweatshirts sit at a fountain watching a city.
Answer sentence: one man, wearing a hooded sweatshirt, sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a orange sweatshirt and blue jeans is doing a trick and doing a orange trick.
Answer sentence: one man, airborne, wearing an orange sweatshirt and blue jeans, does a skateboarding trick.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing camouflage pants and a baseball square stands on a baseball square square.
Answer sentence: one man wearing camouflage pants and green t-shirt stands with one foot on a square while another man wearing the same type of clothing reaches out with a baseball glove on his left hand.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black shirt and a blue shirt is helping a man wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: one man wearing a black t-shirt is helping another man, who is wearing a blue shirt, tie his necktie.

Decoded sentence: the man is setting up the pool during the pool set during onlookers.
Answer sentence: one man sets up his pool shot during a tournament while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a man gazes gazes while a man gazes gazes.
Answer sentence: one man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps on the bed is jumping on a bed and the other looks on the bed.
Answer sentence: one man is sleeping, the other is jumping on his bed, both are wearing white and look to be on indian descent.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting inside a bus wearing a school top of a man and a school.
Answer sentence: one man is sitting on top of a school bus, while another man, wearing a matching shirt, is standing inside.

Decoded sentence: the last last last another man and the last are playing keyboard.
Answer sentence: one man is playing a guitar, another is playing the keyboard and the last is playing a trumpet.

Decoded sentence: a man and a dumpster holding a open trash door.
Answer sentence: one man is holding a dumpster door open while another man puts a trash bag in the dumpster.

Decoded sentence: a man and a tan man and a tan man are in a tan shirt with a tan man in a black shirt.
Answer sentence: one man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts, golfing.

Decoded sentence: people in white robes with paper sheets reads off a microphone of a crowd.
Answer sentence: one man in a white robe with a microphone is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: backdoor in similar wearing a similar top and a man wearing a similar top standing on top.
Answer sentence: one man in a uniform standing inside a school bus with the backdoor open, while another man sits on top of the boss wearing a similar uniform.

Decoded sentence: a man in a room during a room doing a handstand.
Answer sentence: one man in a room during the day doing a handstand.

Decoded sentence: pear in a brown coat trying to make a bumpy cart on a bumpy cart by two men with coats.
Answer sentence: one man in a brown coat steadying a cart with two boxes of fruit while trying to retrieve a pear that fell on the bumpy pavement made of brick.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is operating a tarp and a man in a brown shirt is operating a tarp.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and jeans is catching a frisbee on a campus campus.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt and jeans, catches a frisbee on a college campus

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman are holding a post while waiting to cross the street.
Answer sentence: one man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left.

Decoded sentence: the man is checking his bicycle out in the bicycle while another man sits nearby.
Answer sentence: one man checks out a bicycle in a shop while another sits nearby.

Decoded sentence: a lonely lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki pants and khaki pants is crosscountry.
Answer sentence: one lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting in a forklift in a dangerous area during a forklift.
Answer sentence: one little boy sitting in a forklift in a construction area during something very dangerous.

Decoded sentence: a lady looks into space.
Answer sentence: one lady looking into space.

Decoded sentence: a lady holding a plate of cake to cut up a plate with others cut up.
Answer sentence: one lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is using a cellphone while away his cellphone while sitting outside.
Answer sentence: one in a blue shirt using his cellphone, and one man looking away, sitting outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a horse having a horse around his leg.
Answer sentence: one horse has wraps around its legs.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a white shirt and a red hoodie practicing a left of left practicing at night.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a white hoodie and red t-shirt holding his left foot practicing a skateboard move at night

Decoded sentence: horror wearing green skirts and skirts smile to be smiling at the camera while a guy in.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a green wig thinks hes cool while another guy looks in horror at a bottle that apparently landed on the green wig guy in a game, all while a girl in a skirt is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is walking by a tourist painting as a guy in.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is painting a picture, as tourists in the background walk.

Decoded sentence: a guy surfing a wave in the ocean.
Answer sentence: one guy surfing the waves in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a red beanie and green beanie sitting on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: one guy in a red beanie and green t-shirt sitting on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: three girls jumping over three girls hanging on the side of a pool with the ocean in the.
Answer sentence: one girl jumping over three others hanging on the side of a pool with ocean in background.

Decoded sentence: a girl sitting down with water looking out to she she is toward the back of his water.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water.

Decoded sentence: a girl is standing on the street and others looking at the ground on the ground.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing on the street, and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while a girl stands on a trampoline.
Answer sentence: one girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman in a black shirt is sipping with a hot gentleman in a white shirt and a hat.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a hat and off white shirt is chatting with another gentleman in a black shirt while they are sipping hot drinks.

Decoded sentence: penguin in a blue jacket and khaki shorts playing a golf course on a mini obstacle with.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a blue jacket and khaki shorts playing mini golf on a course with a penguin obstacle.

Decoded sentence: glittery children with flowers on their heads and red gloves with flowers and glittery.
Answer sentence: one child with a flower painted on her head, is wearing a red glittery outfit with a shawl and gloves, while her companion with a hat looks on.

Decoded sentence: the child wearing a pink striped hat and others wearing a pink hat.
Answer sentence: one child is wearing a pink striped hat, while the other is wearing a white hat.

Decoded sentence: a bus is pulled out in front of a car.
Answer sentence: one car is pulling out in front of a bus.

Decoded sentence: tucks boy in shirt about others do shirt.
Answer sentence: one boy tucks his shirt in but the others do not.

Decoded sentence: a boy standing at a ball pointing up and pointing up.
Answer sentence: one boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a girl is in a green shirt and a girl is riding on a bicycle on a bicycle with a bicycle.
Answer sentence: one boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels.

Decoded sentence: a boy is hoisting up a boy on the back.
Answer sentence: one boy hoists another boy up on his back.

Decoded sentence: a girl and a boy dressed in the air jumping in the air with their hands raised in the air.
Answer sentence: one boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow.

Decoded sentence: three black and white male wearing black and white form sit in each stairs with a female.
Answer sentence: one black female and one white female plus three white males, all wearing forms of black, in front of a concrete stair structure with other people sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a yellow toy toy.
Answer sentence: one black dog with a toy and one yellow dog.

Decoded sentence: two black and white dogs play and plastic bags with a plastic bag.
Answer sentence: one black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: resemble has a fur of bear sticking up a stick.
Answer sentence: one bear has fur that sticks up on its back resembling a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass a basketball into a block while.
Answer sentence: one basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in glasses is making a peace sign with his arms making his arms.
Answer sentence: one asian man in glasses is making the peace sign while the other is making a heart with his arms.

Decoded sentence: there are african american men hanging through a wall and looking through a wall and blood.
Answer sentence: one african american man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall.

Decoded sentence: the grown grass is growing onto the curb of his shoulder on the road near the road.
Answer sentence: on the shoulder of the road, near the curb, grass has grown onto the roadway.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman wearing a blue jacket on a left side of a trashcan that is wearing a.
Answer sentence: on the left side of a woman that 's holding a blue innertube, there 's a woman wearing a white jacket who is reaching the trashcan.

Decoded sentence: a black dog is retriving a object on a lawn garden.
Answer sentence: on garden lawn, black dog is retriving an object.

Decoded sentence: a man is jumping towards the hoop with the ball and looking on.
Answer sentence: on an outdoor basketball court, a man jumps towards the hoop with the ball while several other players look on.

Decoded sentence: a small crowd of a small crowd and a small crowd waits on the platform.
Answer sentence: on a sunny day, a small crowd wait for the railroad on the platform.

Decoded sentence: two men pull a cardboard cart with a cardboard pile level and the things are behind him.
Answer sentence: on a street in korea a man is pulling a two-wheeled cart, piled high with a chair and cardboard and other things while behind him are a car and a truck and a street level billboard.

Decoded sentence: a man and a police officer with a black shirt and sandals on to the viewer with a man in.
Answer sentence: on a sidewalk, tall man in a black shirt and a police officer with their backs to the viewer walk past a man in a white t-shirt, black shorts, and sandals.

Decoded sentence: curiosity in a little girl prepares the patio from a little girl on a grill.
Answer sentence: on a patio preparing for a grill-out, the man in the welding mask stirs curiosity from the little girl.

Decoded sentence: a narrow awning with a awning and a man with red on a narrow street lined on a narrow street.
Answer sentence: on a narrow street lined with houses, some with red awnings, a man talks on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two men are alone a third man with a mike face and a third man with a mike and a third.
Answer sentence: on a dimly lit stage, two men, one with a boom mike, another with a camera, face a third man sitting alone in the audience.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a glass table on the deck.
Answer sentence: on a deck, a group of people gather around a glass table.

Decoded sentence: a man in black clothing and a black hat is walking toward a cloudy bus toward a cloudy.
Answer sentence: on a cloudy day, a man in black clothing and a black hat walks toward a river valley metro bus.

Decoded sentence: a yellow woman wearing a yellow bag and older older woman riding a bicycle with a shopping.
Answer sentence: older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle, yellow car is in the background.

Decoded sentence: a older man sitting in a chair reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: older men are sitting in chairs, reading newspapers.

Decoded sentence: a older bald case in a white smock prepares to cut a front of older cut supplies in front.
Answer sentence: older balding gentleman in a white smock prepares to cut the hair of another older balding gentleman in front of a case holding several hair supplies.

Decoded sentence: the older woman uses the pipe while using the indian pipe.
Answer sentence: older indian woman uses a loom while smoking a pipe.

Decoded sentence: a old woman bent next to a building with his head set over her head and a woman bent over.
Answer sentence: old woman setting next to a building with her head bent over and a walking cane on her lap.

Decoded sentence: a little kid teaching a old kid driving.
Answer sentence: old man teaching little kid to drive.

Decoded sentence: jerry guys playing guitar and look like he stands like he is playing behind him.
Answer sentence: old guy, looking like jerry garcia, playing guitar on stage while others stand behind him.

Decoded sentence: wisconsin football after running after a oklahoma football during a game.
Answer sentence: oklahoma football player running after a wisconsin player during a game.

Decoded sentence: hurriedly women walk past a store with a red evening department gown in the evening.
Answer sentence: o woman walks hurriedly past a department store with a red evening gown in the display window.

Decoded sentence: numerous children with numerous infant and infant on a tree with open trees.
Answer sentence: numerous families with their young, toddler and infant children, on a hayride through an open area with surrounding trees.

Decoded sentence: a soccer game at a soccer game is playing to see 3 look into the sidelines to see the sidelines.
Answer sentence: number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline.

Decoded sentence: deflect 13 and he is reaching out as he reaches in the direction during a effort game during.
Answer sentence: number 13 reaches out as he turns directions in an effort to deflect the anticipated path of the football during the game.

Decoded sentence: nine people dressed like makeup play with musical instruments and makeup on her face.
Answer sentence: nine people are dressed like mimes, with white makeup on their faces, four are playing musical instruments.

Decoded sentence: a nightclub scene with a nightclub playing music by a nightclub.
Answer sentence: nightclub scene with disc jockey playing music to dance by.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange uniforms are next to a man in a gray sweatshirt and a man in a gray sweatshirt.
Answer sentence: next to two men in orange uniforms, a man in a gray sweatshirt places his arms over a wall and looks down.

Decoded sentence: negro negros walks across the dirt track that is poor tracks across the dirt tracks.
Answer sentence: negros walk across a train track that stretches over dirt and garbage beside a row of poor shacks.

Decoded sentence: a large man and a man in a green sweater disposing large garbage of garbage bags for garbage.
Answer sentence: near a city road, a man in a gray sweater disposes of a plastic bag of garbage into a large, green, garbage container.

Decoded sentence: a native dressed in native clothing is participating in a native clothing.
Answer sentence: native americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together.

Decoded sentence: a nypd nypd people on a boardwalk near the beach.
Answer sentence: nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach.

Decoded sentence: people play for a play with a blue hat on in a outdoor setting.
Answer sentence: musicians playing for a group of people with blue hats on in outdoor settings.

Decoded sentence: a musicians dressed in white and white pants performing at a sports arena while dressed.
Answer sentence: musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena.

Decoded sentence: musicians in cowboy hats are singing into a microphone while playing electric guitar.
Answer sentence: musician in cowboy hat playing an electric guitar and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at school.
Answer sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at a school.

Decoded sentence: people walking all on the pavement with clouds in the background and the sky with the sky.
Answer sentence: multiple people walking on the pavement with a fence in the background all under the sky with clouds.

Decoded sentence: county telling people around a fortunes attraction with county and county to multiple county.
Answer sentence: multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called grandmas prediction.

Decoded sentence: a indian style of a indian style style work.
Answer sentence: multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.

Decoded sentence: a tree with high trees.
Answer sentence: mountains with trees loom high in the background.

Decoded sentence: a mountain climber setting up a mountain.
Answer sentence: mountain climbers are setting up their tents.

Decoded sentence: a mother with two children hanging laundry.
Answer sentence: mother with two children is hanging laundry.

Decoded sentence: a mime playing a mime.
Answer sentence: mimes are playing tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a military personnel area patrolling.
Answer sentence: military personnel patrol an area.

Decoded sentence: a second woman in a white sweater is spinning a second wheel with a second wheel wheel.
Answer sentence: middle-aged woman in a sweater and white apron is using a spinning wheel with a second spinning wheel in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: a female man wearing a white jacket and white pants is hand middle of a man 's hand.
Answer sentence: middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man 's pants pocket.

Decoded sentence: a teacher listening in a room listening to a teacher of a teacher sitting in a room behind.
Answer sentence: middle-age students sitting in rows of tables listening to a teacher sitting in front of room behind desk.

Decoded sentence: a metal station supporting a metal wall supporting a wall along the wall.
Answer sentence: metal supports make a repeating x shape along the walls of the station.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman dance at a party.
Answer sentence: men, women and children dance at a party.

Decoded sentence: a man surrounded by nature surrounded by nature bikes.
Answer sentence: men, surrounded by nature, are riding mountain bikes.

Decoded sentence: a man with a reflective reflective jacket on with many safety cones on his street cones.
Answer sentence: men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones.

Decoded sentence: a man with a crown of head on her head stands in the rain.
Answer sentence: men with crowns of leaves on their heads are standing in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow shirt and white vest working on a construction man in a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: men who work construction in orange vests and yellow hats besides one man on the right in a white tee-shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black jacket and black pants is standing in a formation.
Answer sentence: men wearing red, jackets black hats, and black pants standing in formation.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing hard vest and hard vest working.
Answer sentence: men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on scaffolding working.
Answer sentence: men standing on scaffolding are working.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a ladder that is repairing a ladder of a building.
Answer sentence: men standing on ladders repairing the windows of a building.

Decoded sentence: a man talking on a cellphone to talk.
Answer sentence: men standing around talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: a man standing by the corner doing a small construction corner on a small suburban area.
Answer sentence: men stand by the road, where construction is being done on the corner in a small suburban area.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a snow wearing snow shorts.
Answer sentence: men shovel snow while wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: a man playing volleyball in the sand.
Answer sentence: men playing volleyball in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a man playing soccer in the field.
Answer sentence: men playing soccer in a field

Decoded sentence: a man playing during a concert wearing a feathers and feather.
Answer sentence: men playing during a concert wearing feather boas.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a sport during a sunny day.
Answer sentence: men playing a sport during a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: a man in a business suit is gathered on the street crossing the street.
Answer sentence: men in the business suits are crossing the street, and there are people with placards are gathering on the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in orange vest and hard hat.
Answer sentence: men in orange vests and hard hats.

Decoded sentence: a man in orange doing a subway up of a subway.
Answer sentence: men in orange doing clean up beside of a subway.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing and standing near the edge of the water while the man is swimming suit.
Answer sentence: men in bathing suits standing and sitting near the edge of the water while one man is swimming.

Decoded sentence: revolutionary in a revolutionary american hat and hat stands with an american flag to the.
Answer sentence: men in american revolutionary hats and costumes stand with american flags, backs to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man is holding a fishing net on the beach.
Answer sentence: men holding a fishing net on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed up for the face of a huge dress with a huge dress on his face.
Answer sentence: men dressed up for some sort of event with huge smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in white another tower is standing on a human 's tower while another man.
Answer sentence: men dressed in red and white are standing on one another 's shoulders, creating a 3 story human tower.

Decoded sentence: theatrical dressed in a historical attire riding a horse dressed in a horse.
Answer sentence: men dressed in either theatrical or historical attire riding horses.

Decoded sentence: a man is building water water in the shallow building.
Answer sentence: men building a sand castle in shallow water.

Decoded sentence: the castle is dark the dark sand castle out of the building.
Answer sentence: men build castle-like sculptures out of dark sand by the shore.

Decoded sentence: a man is working outside watching a building while a man is working on of a scaffold.
Answer sentence: men are working on scaffolding outside of a building while other men watch.

Decoded sentence: pallets stand next to a boat of goods and a boat.
Answer sentence: men are standing next to a pallet of goods near a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman walking down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: men and women walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman sitting in a group of various ages playing various instruments while.
Answer sentence: men and women of various ages sit playing instruments in an orchestra while a similar group stand in the background as a choir.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman in a scottish garb playing on the street as a scottish woman.
Answer sentence: men and women in scottish garb play the bagpipes as a runner approaches on the street.

Decoded sentence: a band of a brass band at a music band look members.
Answer sentence: members of a brass band look at their sheet music.

Decoded sentence: people stand on the floor watching a student two students watch between two students.
Answer sentence: martial arts students sit on the floor or stand in the background while watching a matchup between two people.

Decoded sentence: a student is practicing martial arts outside a building.
Answer sentence: martial arts students practice outside building.

Decoded sentence: a marathon sprints lined past a marathon runner lined by to the finish line.
Answer sentence: marathon runners sprinting past a walgreen 's on their journey to the finish line.

Decoded sentence: the young club on the street is celebrating a young flag concert or waving a young flag.
Answer sentence: many young people on a street, celebrating some concert or event and waving adeleide club flags.

Decoded sentence: the young people are looking computer looks computer.
Answer sentence: many young people looking a computer items.

Decoded sentence: two kayaks kayaks surrounding the river surrounded by trees.
Answer sentence: many two-person kayaks fill a river surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: the many women are crowded top of the crowd of pigeons in blue jeans and blue.
Answer sentence: many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: a wedding couple of people in suits and suits stand around a building with a lot of stairs.
Answer sentence: many people, including a couple in a wedding dress and suit, are walking or standing around a building with lots of stairs.

Decoded sentence: the computer looks at the computer is wearing blue and looking at the computer.
Answer sentence: many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers.

Decoded sentence: the street wearing blue jacket is marching down the street.
Answer sentence: many people wearing blue jackets are marching down a street.

Decoded sentence: many people walk on the pavement near a brick building with looking on.
Answer sentence: many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on.

Decoded sentence: the long people sit at a long dinner table at a formal event.
Answer sentence: many people sit at a long dinner table at a formal event.

Decoded sentence: the bike rides his bike on the path while people walk toward them.
Answer sentence: many people riding bikes on a path while another person is walking toward them.

Decoded sentence: the street vendor on the street is selling items.
Answer sentence: many people on a street while vendors sell items.

Decoded sentence: the giant figure figure figure figure to giant the giant figure down the street.
Answer sentence: many people leading a giant blow-up figure of oscar the grouch down a street.

Decoded sentence: many people gather to government.
Answer sentence: many people have gathered to protest the government.

Decoded sentence: people sorting on the public transportation of a public crowd.
Answer sentence: many people crowded on some sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: a guy many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy in the foreground.
Answer sentence: many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: the asian people are walking along the sidewalk in an asian marketplace.
Answer sentence: many people are walking along the sidewalk in an asian marketplace.

Decoded sentence: the snowy line is laying in line on a snowy hill and people wait to lay.
Answer sentence: many people are waiting in line on a snowy hill, and some skis and snowboards lay abandoned.

Decoded sentence: the many people dressed in green and green are leaning outside and eating a sandwich.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting outside the leaning tower of piza, one girl dressed in green is facing the camera and eating a sandwich.

Decoded sentence: glistening people sit on the edge of a rocky beach watching the other people in the water.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting on the edge of a rocky beach, watching others swim in the glistening water.

Decoded sentence: the old clothed people sit in the street side street at a tall street table with tall buildings.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting in a street side cafe at red clothed tables in front of a tall old building with arches and statues.

Decoded sentence: the protest sign is outside holding a school sign and holding a save and a sign.
Answer sentence: many people are outside walking while holding protest signs, the most prominent sign reading `` save our schools. ''

Decoded sentence: the many people are on the party.
Answer sentence: many people are on a party.

Decoded sentence: the distant path is on a crowded brick path walking towards the brick path.
Answer sentence: many people are on a crowded brick path walking downhill towards a distant smoking mountain.

Decoded sentence: many people gathered under a tent getting food.
Answer sentence: many people are gathered under a tent, getting food.

Decoded sentence: two people are laying around in a crowd of red shirts and hurt bikes next to a crowd.
Answer sentence: many people are crowding around a lady in a red shirt who is laying down hurt next to two bikes.

Decoded sentence: a containing a rice containing a rice.
Answer sentence: many of the dishes contain rice.

Decoded sentence: the many men on the back of the road going down the road.
Answer sentence: many men on the back of a pick up truck going down a road.

Decoded sentence: the league field of the sports sports field of a league field of a league in a green sports.
Answer sentence: many member of a sports league, some in white and some in red stripes, walk about on a green grassy field.

Decoded sentence: many children playing outside in a grass grass grass.
Answer sentence: many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.

Decoded sentence: the many children are jumping off of the rocks and the body of water all all.
Answer sentence: many children jump off of a rock into a body of water a short drop below.

Decoded sentence: army army man in background holding a gun in a big concrete road with a big gun in the.
Answer sentence: many army men in a line holding guns in green suits walking down a concrete road with a big building in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man and musicians at a microphone with a microphone of a microphone leading under a microphone.
Answer sentence: man works at microphone with a group of informally attired musicians under the lead of a conductor.

Decoded sentence: a man working on an old truck while working on a truck.
Answer sentence: man working on old truck while child watches.

Decoded sentence: there are a drawing on the sand of a mound drawn face with a drawing drawn face.
Answer sentence: man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue and white flag star with a crowd in the middle of the street in the middle.
Answer sentence: man with red, white and blue flag with one star holds it waving in the wind in the middle of a street while a crowd is seen in the background and water is sprayed.

Decoded sentence: a man with red pants and a gray shirt and red shoes climbing a shoe.
Answer sentence: man with red shoes, white shirt and gray pants climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man with a gold coat and a child in a blue coat and coat is approaching a young child.
Answer sentence: man with old movie camera and equipment, all in gold, being approached by a young child in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: a man with a hat on a spindle wearing orange hand on with an orange rope on his hands with.
Answer sentence: man with his hat on backwards wearing an orange suit with his hand on a spindle with large rope.

Decoded sentence: people with gray hair telling story to a man telling a younger story bench on a bench.
Answer sentence: man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white hat and hat playing a stage next to a man playing sign on a stage next.
Answer sentence: man with a white hat and white shirt playing many instruments on stage next to a sign that says appeared on jimmy kimmel.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue shirt sitting in a monitor with a monitor directly directly directly.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt on sitting in a computer room with at least 13 monitors in front of him with several keyboards and phones with one microphone directly in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a mask welding a large pipe.
Answer sentence: man welding large pipe section while wearing mask.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a white shirt doing a demonstration.
Answer sentence: man wearing white shirt does a yo-yo demonstration.

Decoded sentence: a black man wearing a black nap takes a nap in a park.
Answer sentence: man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a helmet and a small helmet with two children taking a motorcycle of a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: man wearing a helmet is taking two small children with no helmets for a ride on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a gray bench wearing a red collar petting a gray.
Answer sentence: man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray tank top and a straw hat and a straw hat playing cotton rope into.
Answer sentence: man wearing a cotton gray tank top, straw hat and rope necklace singing into a microphone and playing a bass.

Decoded sentence: slider wearing black and black shirts strumming electric electric guitar with electric.
Answer sentence: man wearing a black fedora hat, blue shirt, strumming an electric guitar with rhythm slider on his left pinkie finger.

Decoded sentence: a man is watching a child in a hallway.
Answer sentence: man watching child in hallway.

Decoded sentence: poops men walk a giant giant dog while a giant dog.
Answer sentence: man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops.

Decoded sentence: a man using a loom to make a loom.
Answer sentence: man using a loom to make something.

Decoded sentence: a man leaning to fix a box of equipment and equipment.
Answer sentence: man trying to fix a train by leaning into the equipment box.

Decoded sentence: teens taking a photograph of a man dressed teens.
Answer sentence: man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens.

Decoded sentence: a man is sweeping the street street.
Answer sentence: man sweeping the street outside.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing outside a storefront.
Answer sentence: man stands outside a storefront.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing holding a paper in the city.
Answer sentence: man stands holding a paper in a city.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water and the water meet over the horizon.
Answer sentence: man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon.

Decoded sentence: filtering man and man are standing down in the foreground with lights on the foreground.
Answer sentence: man standing in the foreground with taxi behind with lights on and buildings in the background and light filtering down from above.

Decoded sentence: a man standing in a bed with a little boy jumping into a bed.
Answer sentence: man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed.

Decoded sentence: morton man and man standing toward information having a sign that has a rachofsky and rachofsky.
Answer sentence: man standing and pointing toward a sign that has morton rachofsky realtors ' information on it.

Decoded sentence: a man is playing on a milk sidewalk and playing guitar on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: man sitting on milk crate plays guitar on sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting by a blue door.
Answer sentence: man sitting by blue doors.

Decoded sentence: a man is setting up waiting with girlfriend set up girlfriend onlooking.
Answer sentence: man setting up a tent outside with onlooking girlfriend waiting.

Decoded sentence: a man is securing a large concrete block of concrete.
Answer sentence: man secures a large block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: sludge lady performing a stunt stunt on a sludge block the lady with a hammer.
Answer sentence: man performing stunt, lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer.

Decoded sentence: a man is paddling a boat on a river near a bank.
Answer sentence: man paddling a boat on a river near the bank.

Decoded sentence: a man on the beach is throwing a red ball.
Answer sentence: man on the beach is throwing a red ball.

Decoded sentence: a man on stage playing the guitar.
Answer sentence: man on stage playing his guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man on a ski looking at sale of artwork in the snow.
Answer sentence: man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike using a box using a stick on.
Answer sentence: man on bike using boxing glove on a stick.

Decoded sentence: a man on the atv catching a atv.
Answer sentence: man on an atv catching air !

Decoded sentence: a man looks through a light glass at a light slide.
Answer sentence: man looks through light microscope at a glass slide.

Decoded sentence: a man jumping off a rock.
Answer sentence: man jumping off rocks.

Decoded sentence: a man jumping off a rock into the water.
Answer sentence: man jumping off a rock into water.

Decoded sentence: a man is standing on a white snowboard and holding a snowboard.
Answer sentence: man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow and white denim socks and black sneakers is juggling socks and sneakers.
Answer sentence: man in yellow t-shirt, black denim shorts, black socks and white sneakers, juggling knives in a city park.

Decoded sentence: sided in a tractor behind a tractor and a man in a yellow wheel back is climbing to the.
Answer sentence: man in yellow behind the wheel of a tractor, hooked to a trailer and under an open sided roof, while others climb on the back.

Decoded sentence: a man in a denim apron and blue apron is attending to paint on a barbecue trailer.
Answer sentence: man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt tossing a frisbee for a black and white frisbee in his mouth.
Answer sentence: man in white shirt tossing frisbee for black and white dog who has a white frisbee in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: a man in red and white shorts kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: people in red costumes with fur and hats blurred swords on a fur sword with people blurred.
Answer sentence: man in red costume, with a fur hat, a sword and a knife on his belt holding an ax, with blurred people in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man in a jacket reading on a bench.
Answer sentence: man in jacket reading on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man in a pumpkin boxer carving a pumpkin.
Answer sentence: man in his boxers carving a pumpkin.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hiking gear hiking.
Answer sentence: man in hiking gear tying his shoe.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hat driving a steering mule cart.
Answer sentence: man in hat driving a steering a mule and cart.

Decoded sentence: eyeglasses in a dark business suit is talking on a marble water fountain with eyeglasses.
Answer sentence: man in dark business suit, sitting by a marble water fountain, wearing eyeglasses and talking on his cellphone with newspaper on his lap.

Decoded sentence: a man in a business suit is holding a cellphone and surrounded by automobiles and automobiles.
Answer sentence: man in business suit and holding cellphone, wearing sunglasses, surrounded by parked automobiles.

Decoded sentence: a man in a business attire is speaking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: man in business attire speaks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a man in a brown suit is standing with his hand behind his back and the man on the back.
Answer sentence: man in brown suit stands with his hands behind his back and his shadow is cast on the flow as taken from above.

Decoded sentence: information in a bright yellow vest and yellow safety vest on the street.
Answer sentence: man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street.

Decoded sentence: unhooks in a boat wearing baseball cap and a baseball cap is catching a fish while a man.
Answer sentence: man in boat wearing athletic shorts, a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue sweater measuring a curved board.
Answer sentence: man in blue sweater measuring curved board.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue soccer shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in black pants and blue pants is holding a thumbs at his hand on his hand on his.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue jacket and blue pants is walking near a man 's blue and white umbrella.
Answer sentence: man in blue jacket and khaki pants is walking near a man holding a blue and white umbrella.

Decoded sentence: a black man with a feathered hat is sitting atop a horse.
Answer sentence: man in black with a feathered hat sits atop a horse.

Decoded sentence: woman in black shirt and black skirt in white hugging and a gray skirt.
Answer sentence: man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt, gray skirt.

Decoded sentence: a man in black prepares to celebrate out a birthday cake on a birthday cake.
Answer sentence: man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.

Decoded sentence: flue in black and white pants as a man plays a dance as a pink man in a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: man in black pants, white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances

Decoded sentence: a man in black vest and two holding a torch between two torches in their right torches.
Answer sentence: man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars, holding two flaming torches in his right hand.

Decoded sentence: a man in black on a microphone in a band.
Answer sentence: man in black on microphone, in band.

Decoded sentence: a man in black jacket holding a newspaper.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket holding newspaper.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black cap and black cap juggling on the street.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket and baseball cap juggling on a street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black and black hat on a fence in a tennis court court.
Answer sentence: man in black hat teaching another man tennis on a fenced in tennis court.

Decoded sentence: a man in an orange shirt with two large poodles walking.
Answer sentence: man in an orange shirt with tattoos walking two large poodles.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and red shorts trying to climb a cargo rock.
Answer sentence: man in a red shirt and olive colored cargo shorts trying to rock climb.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt appears to be dancing in a dance in front of a long blue location.
Answer sentence: man in a long-sleeved black shirt, appears to be engaged in dance, in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations.

Decoded sentence: a man in a bench watching a man sleeping.
Answer sentence: man in a bench watching another man sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a water pipe.
Answer sentence: man holding a water pipe.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a bow to hold a violin and violin across it.
Answer sentence: man holding a sword like a violin and stroking a violin bow across it.

Decoded sentence: pepper men and a man pose behind him while a bun grill.
Answer sentence: man grilling hotdogs, buns, peppers and other foods while another man stands behind him posing.

Decoded sentence: a man giving his leg up to a tree onto the tree.
Answer sentence: man giving female a leg up onto tree.

Decoded sentence: people watch as many men watch the straitjacket.
Answer sentence: man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.

Decoded sentence: a man and ship containers next to a car driving.
Answer sentence: man drives car next to shipping containers.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a drag pointing at a open open.
Answer sentence: man dressed in drag pointing at his open mouth.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a coat and a scarf on a street are painting pictures of a man in the street.
Answer sentence: man dressed in coat, scarf, and hat painting a picture of a building on an easel in the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a dress and a baseball hat is jumping out to view of a valley with his hand.
Answer sentence: man dressed all in black wearing work boots and baseball hat, jumps, spreading legs straight out to either side, touching them with his hands, in front of a valley view.

Decoded sentence: a man is demonstrating industrial industrial man at the fair.
Answer sentence: man demonstrating an industrial saw at a fair.

Decoded sentence: diry man wearing a cycling helmet and a white helmet and gloves.
Answer sentence: man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves

Decoded sentence: a man is carrying a empty head bottle on his head across the dirt road.
Answer sentence: man carries empty coke bottles on his head across dirt road.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman fishing in the ocean.
Answer sentence: man and woman fishing in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a man and child in a yellow kayak.
Answer sentence: man and child in yellow kayak

Decoded sentence: a man about to kick a football on the field.
Answer sentence: man about to kick football on a field.

Decoded sentence: eyeglasses with eyeglasses and a brown shirt on a gray and white cup with a brown male.
Answer sentence: male with dark blond-hair, eyeglasses, watch, gray shirt, with a brown folded bag and white coffee cup on a white table.

Decoded sentence: a male tennis player with a tattoo on his left sitting down the left position of his arms.
Answer sentence: male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down.

Decoded sentence: a male wearing a leather jacket playing a accordion on a accordion or accordion.
Answer sentence: male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people sitting along a low road in front of a building with a lot of grass.
Answer sentence: lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road.

Decoded sentence: people of people walk on a road near a white building towards the road.
Answer sentence: lots of people are walking on the road near several white buildings towards nationals park.

Decoded sentence: a man of a man is sitting under a tree tree.
Answer sentence: lot of men are sitting under a shaded tree.

Decoded sentence: a lone hiker in the steps preparing a mountain system to land by a lone system and a lone.
Answer sentence: lone hiker in mountain setting viewing newly tilled land prepared in a `` step '' system of planting.

Decoded sentence: leaguer little little ready for pitch.
Answer sentence: little leaguer getting ready for pitch

Decoded sentence: the little kid is on the amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: little kids are on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a mask sitting on a crowded street 's shoulders while they walk through.
Answer sentence: little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.

Decoded sentence: a little girl looks through the camera.
Answer sentence: little girl looking through a camera.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is crowded by a crowd.
Answer sentence: little girl is disinterested by what entices the crowd.

Decoded sentence: a little girl holding a karate trophy.
Answer sentence: little girl holding a karate trophy.

Decoded sentence: a little girl dressed up in a dark purple jacket and sunglasses large sunglasses.
Answer sentence: little girl dressing up in a dark purple jacket and large sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a red and white checkered shirt and brown sandals chasing a little white.
Answer sentence: little brown headed girl in a red and white checkered shirt, white capris and white sandals plays outside chasing pigeons.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in a white uniform performing a martial arts art.
Answer sentence: little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors.

Decoded sentence: a little boy with curly hair and a blue shirt has a baseball and a little boy behind him.
Answer sentence: little boy with curly hair, a green shirt and blue jeans, has a baseball bat near a pinata, while a female behind him gets ready to take a picture of him.

Decoded sentence: a little boy wearing a multicolored hat and a scarf has his face on his face while he looks.
Answer sentence: little boy wearing a multicolored scarf and hat has a sad look on his face as he is looking down.

Decoded sentence: a little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.
Answer sentence: little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.

Decoded sentence: a little boy riding around a motorized bike on a playground.
Answer sentence: little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike.

Decoded sentence: cleats boy dressed in blue wearing blue.
Answer sentence: little boy dressed in blue wearing cleats.

Decoded sentence: radio street guard talks talks on street guard talks in front guard in front of a barrier.
Answer sentence: lighted night scene of a military uniformed guard standing outside behind metal street barriers, talking on a radio communications device, in front of a tank.

Decoded sentence: a large boiling woman and a woman are rummaging over cardboard boxes.
Answer sentence: large skillet full of soup boiling over an open campfire and woman rummaging in a cardboard box in background.

Decoded sentence: railroad dog walking down railroad tracks with two dogs in the winter.
Answer sentence: large happy family walking down railroad tracks with two dogs in the winter.

Decoded sentence: a large brown dog walking up a blue staircase.
Answer sentence: large brown dog walks up a blue staircase.

Decoded sentence: people talk in front of a store window with a blue store and a blue lady walking down the.
Answer sentence: lady standing in front of store window in a blue dress talking on a cellphone with people walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: hoolahoops in black ladies on the street.
Answer sentence: lady in black hoolahoops on the street.

Decoded sentence: a lady looks in a photo album.
Answer sentence: ladies looking in a photo album.

Decoded sentence: a camper against a harness camp up a harness camp by a harness in front of trees.
Answer sentence: ladder against a tree and rope harness being set up by a camp leader in front of campers.

Decoded sentence: a surfer surfer is surfing in a harbor kite on a clear clear day in the background.
Answer sentence: kite surfers are surfing in a shipping harbor on a clear windy day, in the background is a snowcapped mountain.

Decoded sentence: a kid is sitting on a ledge ledge.
Answer sentence: kids sit on a ledge and talk.

Decoded sentence: people watch as two kids watch a wall.
Answer sentence: kids scale a wall as two other people watch.

Decoded sentence: a kid running in a field.
Answer sentence: kids running in the field.

Decoded sentence: hovel riding on a mound of dirt with a backhoe from a backhoe in front of a backhoe.
Answer sentence: kids riding on their bicycles near a mound of dirt with a hovel from a backhoe in front of the mound.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing softball.
Answer sentence: kids playing softball.

Decoded sentence: a woman playing in the street while one holds a gun and one adult gun.
Answer sentence: kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a jungle park gym.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a park jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: minnie kids and little little girl on in sand with shovels race.
Answer sentence: kids jump in a sack race, as a little girl on the beach with a minnie mouse bucket with her shovel scoops up the sand in piles.

Decoded sentence: a kid dressed in a costume and a kid is playing a game.
Answer sentence: kids are dressed in costume and playing a game.

Decoded sentence: a determined and determined in a playground are standing and looking in a playground.
Answer sentence: kid standing and looking determined in the playground

Decoded sentence: pc school kids playing on an old school game.
Answer sentence: kid playing old school game on an old pc.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder in a jean shorts is jumping to a cameraman that is jumping and the cameraman.
Answer sentence: kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches.

Decoded sentence: a jokey on a gray and white light gray horse jumping over a yellow and white hurdle.
Answer sentence: jokey on white or light gray horse is jumping over a hurdle of yellow, white and black poles.

Decoded sentence: a vendor is selling items in an open market it by a market.
Answer sentence: items are being sold in the open market by it 's vendors.

Decoded sentence: a snowman and a snowman rolls an snowman while a little boy is taking a snowman to make.
Answer sentence: it 's a snow day so the mother takes her little boy who is in yellow out to make a snowman, and the dog loves to roll in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a pack of soccer teams are bordered by two teams bordered by the giant team of the giant.
Answer sentence: it 's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.

Decoded sentence: a foreign asian station with writing asian seems to be writing in a foreign subway station.
Answer sentence: it seems to be an asian subway station with few people and signs in a foreign writing on the wall.

Decoded sentence: there are like two men wearing uk possibly try to work together to clear work to a man.
Answer sentence: it looks to me like two men here wearing work uniforms have been trying to clear the gutters together in a foreign country, possibly the uk.

Decoded sentence: there are young boys and a young boy look behind a martial arts from a martial arts instructor.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a young boy is getting someone on one attention from a martial arts instructor.

Decoded sentence: there are looking on home and there are sleeping in a home or looking home.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a soldier is sleeping in a car on his way home after a deployment.

Decoded sentence: a runner two runners running a race track doing a race.
Answer sentence: it is two track runners that just got done running a track race.

Decoded sentence: there are a late or fallen late falling out.
Answer sentence: it appears to be late fall or early winter.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman who appear to be singing down a makeshift boat.
Answer sentence: it appears to be a makeshift boat floating down a river while a woman is singing.

Decoded sentence: duster men in blue shirts stand close to a pile of bread and smile as a man in a red sweater.
Answer sentence: inside a sunny room, an older woman in a blue shirt is handing a loaf of bread over a pile of bagged bread to a smiling woman with eyes closed, in flower shirt and duster sweater, as a man in a red shirt and glasses stands between them and watches.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a transit terminal information individual reviewing while a girl on his cellphone.
Answer sentence: individuals in a terminal review transit information while one girl talks on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a indian shop working during a day.
Answer sentence: indian shop vendor working during the day.

Decoded sentence: the man has a teal fish bag on the bag as he is having a bag.
Answer sentence: in this photo there is a man in a white shirt dark blue pants standing on a small boat in what looks like a lake of some sort he has a net in one hand and a line of some type of string in the other the line is in the water the man also has a teal colored bag on his boat so he might be catching fish.

Decoded sentence: people in black shirts are having a crowd around around a man in a black shirt in the midst.
Answer sentence: in the midst of a crowd of people, a woman in a black t-shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat.

Decoded sentence: there are a man painting a bicycle with a gold bicycle painted in the middle of the center.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there is a man who is painted gold with a gold bicycle.

Decoded sentence: there are two men on a bicycle of a bicycle with a shopping statue in the middle of a shopping.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there are two statues of men on bicycles with skeletons by them.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt is operating a camera on the camera while it is operating a crowd.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a crowd, a man in a black t-shirt operates a camera on a tripod, pointing it at the camera.

Decoded sentence: there are seated in a living room and numbers look onto a television and number television.
Answer sentence: in the living room, there is a couch, a number of lights and seat looking onto a television.

Decoded sentence: caravan caravan camels is passing in the desert from a curve on the long day side from.
Answer sentence: in the desert on a cloudy day, a long camel caravan makes several curves away from the camera, the last camel passing a sign along side the trail.

Decoded sentence: a woman is balancing the basket of a basket on the beach in the beach.
Answer sentence: in the beach a woman is balancing a basket of shells on her head.

Decoded sentence: two men run in opposite direction bridge down a path stop path to autumn dog and others.
Answer sentence: in the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a couple wearing rollerskates and a couple wearing an older couple walking near a person.
Answer sentence: in front of palm trees, figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person.

Decoded sentence: a man with a gray shirt and a younger man in a gray shirt from a crowd of younger trim.
Answer sentence: in front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.

Decoded sentence: a woman looks out over a clothesline block over a clothesline and a woman who is in front.
Answer sentence: in front of a clothesline where sheets and carpets are drying, a woman looks out over a concrete-block railing.

Decoded sentence: cyclists in pink shirts and jeans walk by a tree in a skate with palm trees and others.
Answer sentence: in foreground, a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate, while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a blue uniform has a blue grip around his neck and she is a young man.
Answer sentence: in an outdoor location with spectators in the background, a young man in a karate uniform with a blue belt has his arm around the neck of a young woman in a karate uniform with a brown belt while she grips his arm with both hands.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in orange shirt has many luggage and a little boy in orange shirt and backpack.
Answer sentence: in a train station or bus depot a little boy in orange pants is running to his mother, wearing an orange shirt, with many passengers in the background having either backpacks or luggage.

Decoded sentence: a young man dressed in black jacket is soldering the board to the young man in a classroom.
Answer sentence: in a science classroom a young man dressed in a black jacket solders a wire to a circuit board.

Decoded sentence: a man appears to be in a room with high from the high distance strewn on the distance.
Answer sentence: in a room with clothes strewn on the bed, a man appears to be falling onto the bed from a high distance.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a pink dress is making a device next to an older woman making a pink device.
Answer sentence: in a public area, a young girl in a pink dress sits next to an older woman who works a primitive device to make brown thread.

Decoded sentence: description boy standing in a park waiting to description trees and trees.
Answer sentence: in a park, a boy is bent to read the tree description, and a girl is standing nearby waiting for him.

Decoded sentence: three girls in yellow uniforms and green and yellow feathers are dancing down the street.
Answer sentence: in a parade, three girls in green uniforms and green and yellow feathers are dancing down the middle of a street.

Decoded sentence: a person dressed in black and a black landscape looks against a person in a mountain.
Answer sentence: in a mountain landscape, a person dressed in black leans against a fence and looks downward.

Decoded sentence: spears with two men and a woman with chinese swords swords in martial face.
Answer sentence: in a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a chinese spear.

Decoded sentence: dancers in scottish dance studio are dancing before the studio in a scottish studio.
Answer sentence: in a dance studio, dancers in scottish kilts rehearse before an instructor.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt is approaching a main concert singer by a concert in a main white.
Answer sentence: in a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing up by his head with his arms up and his head doing her head.
Answer sentence: in a crowd at a stadium, one man is standing up by himself with his arms up over his head like he 's doing the wave.

Decoded sentence: a lady is watching two older ladies as two older ladies are sitting down on a subway bench.
Answer sentence: in a city in front of a subway, a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him.

Decoded sentence: a black man in a black coat and coat looks up for the subway tracks that is coming to pause.
Answer sentence: in a black leather coat, a man waiting for the subway to come pauses to look up from his book to check the oncoming track.

Decoded sentence: a man is coming in all wet shoes 's shoes.
Answer sentence: if the tide comes in, the man 's tennis shoes will get wet.

Decoded sentence: people gather at hundreds of event.
Answer sentence: hundreds of people gathered at an event.

Decoded sentence: household items setting outside a building.
Answer sentence: household items being set outside a building.

Decoded sentence: jockeys with horses participate in a race.
Answer sentence: horses with jockeys participate in a race.

Decoded sentence: a homeless man living above a homeless.
Answer sentence: homeless man living among the construction.

Decoded sentence: a hipsters performs on the acoustic guitar.
Answer sentence: hipster performs on the acoustic guitar.

Decoded sentence: a game of soccer teams watching as a team watch between the green team watch.
Answer sentence: here, we 're watching a soccer game between the blue-shirts team and the green-shirts team.

Decoded sentence: a picture of the garbage of a garbage and airplane out to throw.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of the side of an airplane where the linen and garbage is being thrown out.

Decoded sentence: a bus outside of a lake taking a great bus somewhere for a great lake that they are taking.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere.

Decoded sentence: a stadium of people in sports sports 's.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a people in a sports stadium.

Decoded sentence: a man 's picture of a man taking a picture of a man who is taking a picture at the park.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man kissing his wife at a park and his wife is taking a picture of them kissing.

Decoded sentence: a man 's dress dressed in a washington lot of washington and a lot of washington looking.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man dressed in clothing form the 1800 's and looks a lot like george washington.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a half shirt is standing down behind a half looking up behind a half way.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down.

Decoded sentence: the little boy 's front of a large broom with a large broom on a porch that has a large.
Answer sentence: here is a little boy whose being very cooperative and sweeping the outside porch area with a large broom on the front porch that has a strong railing.

Decoded sentence: a baby crying is holding his grandmother 's.
Answer sentence: here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother.

Decoded sentence: raking raking leaves jumping into the pile of leaves that are raking to jump.
Answer sentence: he jumped into the pile of leaves we just finished raking.

Decoded sentence: a wife telling wife is coming to the late called the late.
Answer sentence: he is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late.

Decoded sentence: a worker sitting enjoying a lunch building lunch in the shade against a building.
Answer sentence: hard workers are enjoying their lunch break sitting in the shade against a building.

Decoded sentence: a happy man happy meat on the meat.
Answer sentence: happy man grilling meat on his barbecue.

Decoded sentence: the happy man is holding a man and face into his face while in front of a brick building.
Answer sentence: happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building.

Decoded sentence: a happy child smiling to smiling.
Answer sentence: happy children rocking out and smiling.

Decoded sentence: a rooster in onto a bar with a rooster on the water and waves hanging up onto him with.
Answer sentence: hanging onto a bar, the man on a yellow and whiteboard cuts through the waves with the water rooster tailing up behind him.

Decoded sentence: a tree is digging around a tree in the ground.
Answer sentence: guys digging around a tree in the ground.

Decoded sentence: a guy runs in a marathon.
Answer sentence: guys are running in a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing sunglasses and a bright blue shirt on a skateboard of a palm guy with a bright.
Answer sentence: guy wearing sunglasses and blue shirt on skateboard in front of a bright yellow building with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a guy on a blue ladder ladder a ladder.
Answer sentence: guy on a ladder painting the building blue.

Decoded sentence: a man in a purple button jacket is playing a guitar while a man in purple plays up the.
Answer sentence: guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a blue jacket and hat standing in front of a big star of machinery and smiling.
Answer sentence: guy in blue jacket and hat standing in front of some type of machinery while starring up with a big smile.

Decoded sentence: a guy and a guy in a mobile jacket and listening to mobile to a mobile device.
Answer sentence: guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device

Decoded sentence: gumdrops adorning gumdrops tops of dessert.
Answer sentence: gumdrops adorn the top of the dessert.

Decoded sentence: a sitting on a grassy hill resting by.
Answer sentence: group sitting on a grassy hill resting.

Decoded sentence: a dance performs dancing.
Answer sentence: group performs a dance together.

Decoded sentence: a young man holding a young man posing.
Answer sentence: group of young men posing and holding cans.

Decoded sentence: a young man playing cricket in a dirt field.
Answer sentence: group of young men playing cricket in a dirt field.

Decoded sentence: three men and three women in late play late guitars and older man in a park.
Answer sentence: group of three men and women in their late 20s watching an older man play guitar in the park.

Decoded sentence: a teen male picking up garbage to pick.
Answer sentence: group of teen males picking up garbage.

Decoded sentence: a dimly of a small dimly in a dimly lit area reading.
Answer sentence: group of people in a small dimly lit area reading something.

Decoded sentence: pepper older woman wearing purple clothes and purple clothes sits on a brick bench.
Answer sentence: group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.

Decoded sentence: a man in a light space on a bucket of food with food and a light box sitting on a box with.
Answer sentence: group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.

Decoded sentence: a child 's playing soccer with a body of water in the background.
Answer sentence: group of children playing soccer with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclers of bicyclers spraying up the corner of a bicyclers while bicyclers wheels.
Answer sentence: group of bicyclers rounding a corner with water spraying up from their wheels.

Decoded sentence: a asian asian boy is waiting for to cook and meat for meat.
Answer sentence: group of asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue.

Decoded sentence: tuxes black and white groom wearing white flowers and groom with flowers.
Answer sentence: groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers.

Decoded sentence: bridesmaids bridesmaids pose with their groom.
Answer sentence: groom posing with bridesmaids.

Decoded sentence: the baseball store employee dressed in red and red cap and apron is sitting on the ledge.
Answer sentence: grocery store employee, dressed in a red apron & a baseball cap, sits on a ledge in front of the store.

Decoded sentence: a gray horse wearing a blue bucket from a orange bucket from a person in a green shirt.
Answer sentence: gray horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: a golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch.
Answer sentence: golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch.

Decoded sentence: the red and red apples is laying in a metal bowl.
Answer sentence: glossy red apples lay stacked in a metal bowl.

Decoded sentence: a thin girl wearing a blue dress and holding a long camera points to the camera.
Answer sentence: girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train car with multicolor tracks.
Answer sentence: girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.

Decoded sentence: a girl with glasses wearing a black shirt and glasses is sitting on a cobblestone street.
Answer sentence: girl with glasses wearing a black horizontally striped shirt, a blue tuque, and jeans sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk and street.

Decoded sentence: a man with glasses and a gray beard holding a baby sitting on a porch.
Answer sentence: girl with arms crossed, a man with a gray beard holding a glass, and a baby sitting on a porch.

Decoded sentence: a girl runs through the water near the shore.
Answer sentence: girl running through the water near the shore.

Decoded sentence: a mini girl playing golf with flowers in the background.
Answer sentence: girl playing mini golf with flowers in the background.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing in a puddle with bare feet.
Answer sentence: girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a white shirt blowing bubbles in a dark room.
Answer sentence: girl in white shirt blowing bubbles in dark room.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a blue sweater holding a own hand.
Answer sentence: girl in a blue sweater holding her own hands.

Decoded sentence: headbutting headbutting ball during a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl serving food on a plate.
Answer sentence: girl and boy serving food on plate

Decoded sentence: a girl about to kick a piece of wood in the woods and the woods is holding the karate.
Answer sentence: girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it

Decoded sentence: a man in a black suit walks in the city with a blond girl in front of a blue scarf in a.
Answer sentence: gentleman in blue scarf is walking in the city with a blond girl in front of a man in a black suit.

Decoded sentence: verdant neighborhood man and man on a tractor pulled by a fallen neighborhood.
Answer sentence: from the inside of a car, a verdant neighborhood and a man on a tractor pulling a fallen tree are visible.

Decoded sentence: a friend has fun playing in a water water.
Answer sentence: friends having fun playing in the water geyser.

Decoded sentence: the family next to friends on a lawn lawn chair next to a friend at a lawn chair and the.
Answer sentence: friends and family relax and sit on lawn chairs next to a fire, at night.

Decoded sentence: four young women around a kitchen counter with plates of four plates in the foreground.
Answer sentence: four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: trendy four young women sitting and talk in a public place.
Answer sentence: four young trendy women sitting and talking in a public place.

Decoded sentence: three young men are on a pier with one seated and a pier painted on the brightly black.
Answer sentence: four young men, one fully dressed and seated, and three in black swim trunks- two standing, one seated- are on a pier with brightly painted railings.

Decoded sentence: four young women and a young man on a kitchen are in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: four young men and a young woman on her cellphone are in a kitchen together.

Decoded sentence: two young children dressed in dresses pose for a smile with two children and a young girl.
Answer sentence: four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back.

Decoded sentence: four young boys stand around a grill.
Answer sentence: four young boys are standing around a grill.

Decoded sentence: four young boys running down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four young boys are running down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four workers pose between the house for a house.
Answer sentence: four workers pose between beams of a house.

Decoded sentence: four women stand in the kitchen behind a plate of plates.
Answer sentence: four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on an outdoor green patio on a outdoor patio with a small furniture in.
Answer sentence: four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: four women in red bathing suits perform a red routine in front of an audience.
Answer sentence: four women in red bathing suits are performing a synchronized swimming routine in front of an audience.

Decoded sentence: three women in the living room playing musical instruments and four clearly.
Answer sentence: four women in a living room, three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers and four teenagers are jumping in the air on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four teenagers, three girls and one boy, are jumping in the air on a sidewalk by the river.

Decoded sentence: four teenagers are in a church playing instruments.
Answer sentence: four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments.

Decoded sentence: similarly dressed women with long skirts dancing in the background and similarly similarly.
Answer sentence: four similarly styled brightly dressed women with long skirts dancing in the sunlight with trees framing their movements in the background.

Decoded sentence: four shirtless men hiking up a canyon.
Answer sentence: four shirtless men hike up a canyon.

Decoded sentence: four runners compete in a race on a indoor course with many colorful flags and flags.
Answer sentence: four runners are competing in a race, on an indoor course, decorated with many colorful, international flags.

Decoded sentence: four four workers are planting a road.
Answer sentence: four road workers planting a tree.

Decoded sentence: four players on a soccer field stand on the field and one of them is holding a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: four players on a soccer team stand on a field while one of them holds the yellow ball and talks to the referee.

Decoded sentence: four people with black hair pose for a picture with a picture in the background.
Answer sentence: four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background.

Decoded sentence: people wearing chicago shirts and paper cubs on their heads cubs bags.
Answer sentence: four people wearing chicago cubs shirts are wearing paper bags on their heads that spell out cubs.

Decoded sentence: people walking toward a large construction tower toward the woods in the woods.
Answer sentence: four people walking toward a large construction tower of some kind in a lightly wooded area.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking down a sidewalk facing the one face the camera.
Answer sentence: four people walk down a city sidewalk- three facing the camera one away.

Decoded sentence: four people waiting for the train.
Answer sentence: four people waiting for their train.

Decoded sentence: four people are in a road covered or chinese waiting road covered in chinese walls behind.
Answer sentence: four people wait by the side of the road, with a wall covered in chinese or japanese characters behind them.

Decoded sentence: people standing near a wall and four people.
Answer sentence: four people standing near a wall at night.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in a tree on a tree.
Answer sentence: four people sitting in branches on a tree.

Decoded sentence: people stand outdoors at a pink square as a man in a pink striped shirt stands outdoors.
Answer sentence: four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them.

Decoded sentence: four people sit on the steps of the entrance to the entrance.
Answer sentence: four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting and listening to a woman in a blue neck scoops with bystanders and bystanders.
Answer sentence: four people sit and listen to a woman in a blue scoop neck talk with two bystanders in the background.

Decoded sentence: four people posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: four people posing for a picture

Decoded sentence: people sharing each different and sharing all a man to the different life guitar.
Answer sentence: four people of all different walks to life share one park bench while one man plays the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three people near a sidewalk and one is walking nearby and one is sitting on a nearby sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four people in period costumes sit and stare at a table stop.
Answer sentence: four people in period costumes sit outdoor at a table and curious onlookers stop to stare.

Decoded sentence: people in black shirts giving a presentation to a projector full of four people using a.
Answer sentence: four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of people using a big projector image on the wall.

Decoded sentence: four people sit on a blue and blue couch and four people sit aside on a green couch.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting on blue and green couches, while a fifth man sitting aside looks on, underneath a sprawling red tree.

Decoded sentence: four people sit down on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four people sit behind a table full of food.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting behind a table full of food.

Decoded sentence: people stand at a picnic bench and a man eating four people next to a bench.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting at a picnic bench eating while a fifth man stands next to the bench.

Decoded sentence: two people are shown in a poverty setting with a blue ' wall ' with a blue ' skull ' '.
Answer sentence: four people are shown in a gritty basement setting with blue walls and a white door on the ceiling ; two of the people wear black t-shirts with a skull-and-crossbones and the words ' starve poverty '.

Decoded sentence: four people are playing basketball on a basketball deck.
Answer sentence: four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors.

Decoded sentence: four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs.
Answer sentence: four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four people hold flags bunch in the middle of a flag.
Answer sentence: four people are holding an american flag in the middle of a bunch of people.

Decoded sentence: two people are at the pavilion of a pavilion drink from a pavilion.
Answer sentence: four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men.

Decoded sentence: four musicians playing instruments on the street while four men stand on a street.
Answer sentence: four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.

Decoded sentence: four four men sit in front of books looking at books.
Answer sentence: four men- one looking at a book- sit in front of laptops.

Decoded sentence: people perform on stage while four men perform on stage while four men watch them.
Answer sentence: four men, two of them with guitars, perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch.

Decoded sentence: 3rd men are looking like they have muddy one man in blue and one in a blue country world.
Answer sentence: four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.

Decoded sentence: the four men in the kitchen coats are wearing black coats and one in a black lab coat and.
Answer sentence: four men, 3 in white lab coats and one wearing black jacket, surveying bread buns in industrial kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two men are working away into the ground as two men are working away into the ground and.
Answer sentence: four men working putting a tree into the ground, two are looking away, while the other two are shoveling the tree into the ground.

Decoded sentence: four men with face tops are jumping down the top of the stairs.
Answer sentence: four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four men waiting in a ladder holding a ladder.
Answer sentence: four men waiting in a area, holding ladders.

Decoded sentence: four men are riding on the back of a truck truck.
Answer sentence: four men ride on the back of a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: four men in white shirts and blue jeans talking and talk.
Answer sentence: four men in white t-shirts, blue jeans, and hats talking.

Decoded sentence: a four man in shorts and four sandals standing on the street of a cobblestone street truck.
Answer sentence: four men in shorts and sandals ride standing on the back of a garbage truck on a cobblestone street.

Decoded sentence: deere man in fatigues and four women sit across a dry field of dry wheels.
Answer sentence: four men in fatigues ride across a dry field on the back of a john deere gator while a woman sits at the wheel.

Decoded sentence: two men in camouflage uniforms and two men hurry a street down a street while leaving a.
Answer sentence: four men in camouflage uniforms hurry down a street, with the two men in front taking a left into some vegetation.

Decoded sentence: chicago dressed u men dressed in chicago shirts and brown shirts walking out a c c bag.
Answer sentence: four men dressed in chicago cubs shirts are walking while wearing brown bags over their heads that spell out `` c-u-b-s. ''

Decoded sentence: four men doing four work on the roof.
Answer sentence: four men do repair work on a roof.

Decoded sentence: four men walking up a trail.
Answer sentence: four men are walking up a trail.

Decoded sentence: four men sit near a tree looking at a row that is four men standing at a body of water.
Answer sentence: four men are sitting near a tree talking while another stands looking at a body of water and another is rowing a boat.

Decoded sentence: three men holding four hips of four men holding onto a line of four them.
Answer sentence: four men are rollerskating in a line, with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them.

Decoded sentence: fifth men stand on the ground and four men stand outside of the ground.
Answer sentence: four men are leaping into the air while the fifth man is standing on the ground outside of a house.

Decoded sentence: four men and four women in blue aprons are in front of a small white bowl table.
Answer sentence: four men and women in blue aprons strand in front of a table where there are many white plates and small blue bowls.

Decoded sentence: four men and four women in blue outfits stand in the street with onlookers in the background.
Answer sentence: four men and one woman in blue outfits are standing together in a street with onlookers in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman and four women sit at a conference table that is covered with white sheets and.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman sit at a conference table covered in a white sheet, with beverages in front of them and one has a microphone.

Decoded sentence: the four women and a woman are on stage are answer about to answer about.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman are on stage answering questions about a book.

Decoded sentence: a male and a male are in a warehouse with graffiti on the floor with graffiti on the floor.
Answer sentence: four males with camera equipment and backpacks inside a warehouse with puddles on water on the floor and graffiti on the walls.

Decoded sentence: four cute kids in a cute outfits sitting down.
Answer sentence: four little kids in cute outfits sitting down.

Decoded sentence: four four women sitting around a dining table.
Answer sentence: four laughing women sitting around a dining table.

Decoded sentence: three kids and one wearing a yellow shirt and four kids are rollerblading through rollerblades.
Answer sentence: four kids, one wearing a red shirt and three wearing yellow, rollerblade through a square.

Decoded sentence: snowshoes dons donned donned jumping to the picture of the mountains post.
Answer sentence: four individuals donning snowshoes jump simultaneously to post for a picture atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: three girls wearing short shirts and shorts are wearing shorts and four girls wearing shorts.
Answer sentence: four guys and one girl three guys are wearing short-sleeve shirt and the girl and the other guy is wearing tanks.

Decoded sentence: four girls pose in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: four girls pose in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: brownies girl in the kitchen near four plates.
Answer sentence: four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: four girls are eating breakfast at a convention.
Answer sentence: four girls eat breakfast at a convention.

Decoded sentence: four men and a man sit in the grass near them.
Answer sentence: four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them.

Decoded sentence: four girls and four girls are jumping up on sand near the ocean.
Answer sentence: four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.

Decoded sentence: four females practicing ballet in front of a black and black stand on the tip of a black.
Answer sentence: four females stand on the tip of their toes while practicing ballet in front of a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: two teens and four teens are playing soccer on a grassy field consisting on a grassy field.
Answer sentence: four female teens are shown playing soccer on a grassy field on an overcast day, two of them in uniforms consisting of red-and-white vertically-striped jerseys and blue shorts.

Decoded sentence: two children and a boy are playing on a green lawn and a building with a green lawn.
Answer sentence: four elementary-aged children, two boys and two girls, play on a green lawn with a tree and a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.
Answer sentence: four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.

Decoded sentence: four dirt bike riders ride on a dirt road.
Answer sentence: four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: whiskey trots sitting at a table with a bottle of four men in cowboy in the middle on the.
Answer sentence: four cowboys are sitting at a table with a bottle of whiskey in the middle of a rodeo, while a man on a horse trots by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two college four college males sitting on concrete steps and concrete steps outside.
Answer sentence: four college-aged individuals- two males and two females- sitting on the concrete steps outside of a brick building

Decoded sentence: a four children on a trampoline in a snow covered trampoline.
Answer sentence: four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area.

Decoded sentence: four children look through up four children look.
Answer sentence: four children looking through rolled up booklets.

Decoded sentence: four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.
Answer sentence: four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: four children are reading ingredients in a kitchen table and ingredients out on the kitchen.
Answer sentence: four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table.

Decoded sentence: four children are playing on a hill for the sand.
Answer sentence: four children are playing on a hill of sand.

Decoded sentence: four children are looking at a table with ingredients on the kitchen in front of them.
Answer sentence: four children are in an industrial kitchen looking at a recipe with the ingredients on the table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: four children are having a pillow fight.
Answer sentence: four children are having a pillow fight.

Decoded sentence: a guy dressed in four casually jumping down a wall with a stone wall behind them.
Answer sentence: four casually dressed guys jumping down a stairway outdoors with a stone wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: four boys are playing on a round park.
Answer sentence: four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park.

Decoded sentence: four boys sitting in chairs surrounded by pink chairs with pink chairs.
Answer sentence: four boys are surrounding a person sitting in a chair and splashing their head with pink paint.

Decoded sentence: four black men sit on a bench near a four bystanders run food with bystanders.
Answer sentence: four black men are sitting on a bench near a food cart run by a man with bystanders.

Decoded sentence: a foreign dancer dancing in a city street while a foreign foreign headband shows a lime.
Answer sentence: foreign folk dancers are dressed in outfits of bright lime green, red and white tops, lime green headbands and red, blousy trousers and open-toed specialty shoes while dancing in a city street, while spectators enjoy the show.

Decoded sentence: defensive player wearing a helmet and helmet standing ready to move a whistle while practicing.
Answer sentence: football players wearing helmets practice defensive moves while their coach stands by ready to blow his whistle.

Decoded sentence: a football player engaged in a football.
Answer sentence: football players engaged in a tackle.

Decoded sentence: a donations worker dons a food dock as a black dons a black hat and a black truck.
Answer sentence: food donations for the community food bank fill a truck as a worker donning a black hat reaches the loading dock.

Decoded sentence: commuters commuters perform for a flute in underground walkway.
Answer sentence: flute player performs for commuters in an underground walkway.

Decoded sentence: five snowmobile riders all wearing black and white pants and red pants and red pants and.
Answer sentence: five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat, white coat, red coat, blue coat, and black coat.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing identical shirts and five applauded are applauding their left on a white.
Answer sentence: five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.

Decoded sentence: five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow with a snowmobile in the.
Answer sentence: five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow, with snowmobiles in the background.

Decoded sentence: five people stand on a bridge while one man is pointing from a bridge and a brown shirt.
Answer sentence: five people stand on a bridge while one of the people, a balding man in a brown shirt and jeans, points away from the bridge.

Decoded sentence: five people are five people at a tiger letter that is in front of a chinese tiger.
Answer sentence: five people stair up at a tiger that is in front of chinese letters.

Decoded sentence: five people sailing a sail.
Answer sentence: five people raising a sail

Decoded sentence: five people playing string instruments in a public.
Answer sentence: five people playing string instruments in public.

Decoded sentence: people board a book on a shelf corner filled with candles and five people in the room behind.
Answer sentence: five people playing a board game on a table filled with snacks and candles sitting in a corner of a room with book shelves behind them.

Decoded sentence: five people are sitting at a table and five people playing different.
Answer sentence: five people of different ages are sitting at the table playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: five people sit inside a building.
Answer sentence: five people are sitting inside a building.

Decoded sentence: five people dressed in fur with fur leaning on a fur building with fur buildings.
Answer sentence: five people are dressed in black fur coats with blond wigs leaning on a building.

Decoded sentence: five men and four women practice using music sheets in a living room.
Answer sentence: five musicians, a man and four women, practicing sheet music ( using flutes ) in a living room.

Decoded sentence: five men dressed in black shirts and black slacks converse at the back of open open van.
Answer sentence: five men, uniformly dressed in white shirts, tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a picture of a child is hanging up and one wearing a white shirt and a child.
Answer sentence: five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.

Decoded sentence: five men wearing black shorts and shorts leaving a starting competition with spectators.
Answer sentence: five men wearing black shorts are leaving the starting blocks in a track competition with few spectators.

Decoded sentence: five men playing basketball with a competitive ball game in the top of a competitive black.
Answer sentence: five men playing a competitive game of basketball with the man in the black tank top and black shorts in possession of the ball.

Decoded sentence: five men on a ladder cleaning a ladder for a building.
Answer sentence: five men on ladders cleaning the outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: people converse five converse and five men wrapped around in the background.
Answer sentence: five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background.

Decoded sentence: five women dressed as five men in black coats and glasses holding each fur outside of a.
Answer sentence: five men dressed as women in black fur coats and glasses, outside of a store on the street, all holding purses in their hands.

Decoded sentence: five men differing five men on scaffolding next to a building.
Answer sentence: five men at differing heights on scaffolding next to a building.

Decoded sentence: five men riding in a mini colored car while wearing a helmet and five men are riding together.
Answer sentence: five men are riding in mini-race cars, wearing helmets and racing uniforms in a variety of colors.

Decoded sentence: five little kids taking a ride in the park of an amusement park.
Answer sentence: five little kids are taking a ride in some type of amusement park.

Decoded sentence: five hikers are walking through a rocky riverbed as one hiker from it away from the camera.
Answer sentence: five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.

Decoded sentence: two boys sit on stage in front of five green tents behind a guy a guy and five guys.
Answer sentence: five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a boy scouts of america banner.

Decoded sentence: three children sit around one another while one another on the back is holding up the back.
Answer sentence: five children spin around on a playground roundabout ; three lay on their backs, while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms, and another holds onto the side while sitting up.

Decoded sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps located outside.
Answer sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps that are located outside.

Decoded sentence: five children look outside in a different direction.
Answer sentence: five children outside a bungalow looking in different directions.

Decoded sentence: a black and white man wearing a black coat and shaving looks under a microscope and working.
Answer sentence: five black men wearing white coat and their heads shaved are working in a laboratory, looking under the microscope.

Decoded sentence: five ballet dancers come ballet window in mid studio with sunlight.
Answer sentence: five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window.

Decoded sentence: five adults sitting outside at a picnic table in a backyard.
Answer sentence: five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.

Decoded sentence: five asian friends pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: five asian friends posing together for a picture.

Decoded sentence: five asian doctor in green scrubs and a discussion appear to be having a discussion over.
Answer sentence: five asian doctors in green hospital scrubs and masks having a discussion over what appears to be an ongoing operation.

Decoded sentence: a fisherman on the beach is organizing a net.
Answer sentence: fishermen on the beach organize their nets.

Decoded sentence: responders looking at first cars slide off first car.
Answer sentence: first responders look at car that has slid off a snowbank and flipped over.

Decoded sentence: emergency firefighters are relaxing to the emergency.
Answer sentence: firefighters relax after responding to an emergency.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a pink shirt and pink shorts is busy a busy sidewalk along a busy sidewalk.
Answer sentence: female wearing a pink helmet, white shirt and white gym shorts, parking her motorcycle along side a busy sidewalk cafe.

Decoded sentence: a female dog is gathered outside a gathering in a area.
Answer sentence: female friends gather their dogs outside in a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: a female brown football top wearing a blue tank top and blue shorts attending a football.
Answer sentence: female football fan wearing brown tank top and blue jean shorts attends a football game in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: a female artist gray martial child and a child perform on a gray mat with spectators on.
Answer sentence: female black belt martial artists performs outside on a gray day with weapon on a mat while spectators and other martial artists including 3 children look on.

Decoded sentence: a father is pushing a son on a track.
Answer sentence: father is pushing his son on the track.

Decoded sentence: a moment in a white shirt and khaki shorts sharing a moment of a quiet red and white moment.
Answer sentence: father in white shirt and khaki shorts tenderly kisses his son, seen wearing a dark red shirt and denim pants, on the head as they share a quiet moment while sitting in the doorway of a van.

Decoded sentence: a stadium is watching a basketball game at a stadium.
Answer sentence: fans watching a basketball game indoors at a stadium.

Decoded sentence: a family of winter children in winter park are taking a path in a park.
Answer sentence: family taking a winter walk in a park path while two of the children run ahead of the family.

Decoded sentence: a wedding on the beach is looking at the ocean after a wedding.
Answer sentence: family on beach looking at the ocean after a wedding.

Decoded sentence: a factory workers completing their job.
Answer sentence: factory workers are steadily completing their jobs.

Decoded sentence: stepladders on the door employee a glass door for the business.
Answer sentence: employees on stepladders clean the glass doors of a business.

Decoded sentence: a employee in a pink shirt is smiling for the camera inside a restaurant restaurant.
Answer sentence: employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen.

Decoded sentence: emergency police officer and emergency officer at a scene of medical car.
Answer sentence: emergency medical crews, firefighters, and police officers at the scene of a car accident.

Decoded sentence: a woman and woman in denim pants and denim pants walk uphill along a forest trail.
Answer sentence: eleven men and women in cotton shirts and denim pants walk uphill along a shaded forest trail.

Decoded sentence: a child wearing a coat is jumping in the air with the mountains and the mountains in the.
Answer sentence: eleven children wearing coats of all colors are jumping in the air with mountains and a cloudy sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman in the brown coat has a camera in his back and has a fur coat at his.
Answer sentence: elderly gentleman in brown trench-coat and woman in orange-brown fur coat sitting at table, woman has her back to camera.

Decoded sentence: three young people sit in a circle and trees with the bottom and a slight incline in the.
Answer sentence: eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three people dance band as three men and a man are dancing on a stage consisting of a banjo.
Answer sentence: eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar, banjo, and accordion play on a stage.

Decoded sentence: eight football players are in mid play by a player.
Answer sentence: eight football players are in mid-play as the defense takes down the offense.

Decoded sentence: the earth of the great time is making the water time to the earth who is making the great.
Answer sentence: earth, water and sky make this a great spot a time out.

Decoded sentence: a happy of happy is all.
Answer sentence: during the election party not all the guest attending are happy.

Decoded sentence: students kick through wooden face as a student holds it at the height.
Answer sentence: during karate practice, one student kicks through a wooden plank while another individual holds it at face-height.

Decoded sentence: a blue biker jumps by the biker as appears to be safely jumping as the biker safely.
Answer sentence: during a race, the blue biker cleared a jump safely, while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping.

Decoded sentence: people holding flags show up the parade during pride flags in pride city.
Answer sentence: during a gay pride parade in an asian city, some people hold up rainbow flags to show support.

Decoded sentence: a rock view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock.
Answer sentence: downward view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock.

Decoded sentence: dour a baseball player and a baseball player is touching to the ground.
Answer sentence: dour baseball players in a field, one is touching the ball to the ground and one is sliding past a base.

Decoded sentence: a dog fighting in the grass over a toy.
Answer sentence: dogs fight in grass over toy.

Decoded sentence: a dog is pulling a sled across the snow.
Answer sentence: dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.

Decoded sentence: a dog with a big collar.
Answer sentence: dog with big collar running.

Decoded sentence: a dog runs after a dog in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: dog running after another dog in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a dog is kicking up dirt.
Answer sentence: dog kicking up dirt

Decoded sentence: a dog jumping to catch the wood wood in the woods.
Answer sentence: dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods.

Decoded sentence: a dog is digging in the sand.
Answer sentence: dog digs in sand

Decoded sentence: a rainy weather discussing a rainy weather.
Answer sentence: discussing the rainy weather.

Decoded sentence: a different people walk on the sidewalk in front of a orange canopy in front of an orange.
Answer sentence: different people are walking on a sidewalk, in both directions, in front of an orange canopy.

Decoded sentence: demonstrators policemen waiting for hear to hear the police policeman against the police.
Answer sentence: demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality.

Decoded sentence: a dark nightclub with a nightclub.
Answer sentence: dark nightclub with chairs.

Decoded sentence: a black dancer performs a stage with a pink hue and pink hue out of them out.
Answer sentence: dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist await the starting for the race.
Answer sentence: cyclists await the start of a race.

Decoded sentence: eight cyclists trek number trekking through the mud.
Answer sentence: cyclist number forty-eight treks through the mud.

Decoded sentence: the cute little kid gets to get the married.
Answer sentence: cute little kids pretending to get married.

Decoded sentence: representatives sit in front of customers with customers talking at customers.
Answer sentence: customers stand in front of and talk with representatives sitting at desks with computers.

Decoded sentence: a takeout takeout waits at the window and customers.
Answer sentence: customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.

Decoded sentence: a cubs cubs having a paper bag on his head bags.
Answer sentence: cubs fans have paper bags on their heads that spell out `` cubs. ''

Decoded sentence: a crowd walks along the street.
Answer sentence: crowds walk along the street.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people walking cement in a city loom loom while a big crowd walks outside in the.
Answer sentence: crowds of people are walking are multicolored tents and flags that are put up outside in a cement lot as a big city looms in the distance.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red shirt and a crowd watching a woman with a red shirt watching a break blocks.
Answer sentence: crowd watches as a woman in red shirt goes to break a cinder block with a sledgehammer on a man 's chest.

Decoded sentence: a crowd standing outside a metro area.
Answer sentence: crowd standing outside a metro area.

Decoded sentence: people line around a brick street lined on a brick street.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walk around on a brick paved shop lined street.

Decoded sentence: a cure of people in a crowd of urban in an urban setting.
Answer sentence: crowd of people in race for a cure in urban setting.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a purple city foreground is holding a bicycle and a woman holding a purple bicycle.
Answer sentence: crowd in an asian city surrounding a man, in the foreground a woman holding a purple bicycle overlooking the scene.

Decoded sentence: a craftsman is working with the woods and a craftsman gun.
Answer sentence: craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun.

Decoded sentence: a couple and a little couple stand with all a little couple of them standing along the.
Answer sentence: couple, man and woman, with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline.

Decoded sentence: a couple line on a subway line to each other next to each other.
Answer sentence: couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing with his hula hoops in the crowd.
Answer sentence: costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a guy decided to do back to do back in the park.
Answer sentence: cool guy decides to do a back flip in a park.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker working on a highway at night and looking at the highway.
Answer sentence: construction workers working on a highway at night as people look to see what they are doing.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker working on the road into night.
Answer sentence: construction workers work on a road into the night.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker stands near a track at night.
Answer sentence: construction workers stand near tracks at night.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker is laying tiles in a hallway.
Answer sentence: construction workers laying wall tile in a hallway.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker in a yellow jacket standing by a gate and a yellow jacket.
Answer sentence: construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker is drilling through a wooded wood.
Answer sentence: construction workers drilling through a plank of wood.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker working carrying a piece of equipment.
Answer sentence: construction workers are working together to carry a piece of equipment.

Decoded sentence: excavation workers gather at a construction site site gather for a city site.
Answer sentence: construction workers are gathered at a construction site along a city street during an excavation.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker welding on a high beam.
Answer sentence: construction worker, welding on high beam.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker in a neon yellow vest and hard hat working on the stairs.
Answer sentence: construction worker in a hard hat and yellow neon vest, working on stairs.

Decoded sentence: a trolley and a trolley sign in the middle of the trolley to confused figures are trying.
Answer sentence: confused person standing in the middle of the trolley tracks trying to figure out the signs.

Decoded sentence: the confetti are in the air.
Answer sentence: confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration.

Decoded sentence: a grand event competing to get in the grand event competitors get ready to get.
Answer sentence: competitors getting ready to compete in a grand opening event hosted by the chief executive

Decoded sentence: a closeup of the sun with a old woman and gold glasses and earrings is facing the side.
Answer sentence: closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.

Decoded sentence: a closeup with a man and glasses blowing bubbles in a dimly lit room with gum in the background.
Answer sentence: closeup of man with glasses blowing a bubble gum bubble in a dimly lit room with a faint ceiling light in the background.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian boy with a brown butterfly jacket holding a brown butterfly and a butterfly.
Answer sentence: closeup of a young caucasian boy with brown eyes, and in a red fleece zip-up jacket, holding up a monarch butterfly on his index finger.

Decoded sentence: climber on a rock formation using a rope.
Answer sentence: climber on rock formation using ropes.

Decoded sentence: a city worker wearing a gray shirt and a gray shirt is picking up a city branch while picking.
Answer sentence: city workers, both wearing gray pants and green shirts, are trimming tree branches and picking up the debris.

Decoded sentence: a train worker doing maintenance on a city track.
Answer sentence: city workers are doing maintenance on a train track.

Decoded sentence: reminder citizens enjoying a snowy day with citizens in the background.
Answer sentence: citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background.

Decoded sentence: super travel on a mall as a super idea of a super idea of his car as his car is traveling.
Answer sentence: cities need to be replaced with a new idea such as a super sized mall type building with no need for travel or cars.

Decoded sentence: a child sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake.
Answer sentence: children sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake.

Decoded sentence: a child rides a balloon balloon in an amusement park.
Answer sentence: children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.

Decoded sentence: a tree poses in a tree.
Answer sentence: children posing in a tree

Decoded sentence: a child playing soccer on the field while children watch.
Answer sentence: children playing soccer on a field while parents watch.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on the beach.
Answer sentence: children playing on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on a playground slide down a playground.
Answer sentence: children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.

Decoded sentence: a child playing in front of a hartman garden sign of hartman signs.
Answer sentence: children playing in front of a sign for the `` hartman prehistoric garden ''.

Decoded sentence: a child playing checkers.
Answer sentence: children playing checkers.

Decoded sentence: a playing fountain in the water fountain.
Answer sentence: children play in a water fountain.

Decoded sentence: a child participates in a game of children.
Answer sentence: children participate in a game of tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a child in a classroom is lined up with his hands on each other 's hand lined up.
Answer sentence: children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other 's backs, forming a train.

Decoded sentence: a rainbow a rainbow balloon is walking with his flags and a colorful flag holding a rainbow.
Answer sentence: children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.

Decoded sentence: a child enjoying themselves on a amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: abundance captures a moment of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain.
Answer sentence: children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment.

Decoded sentence: a child climbing a huge tree.
Answer sentence: children climbing huge tree.

Decoded sentence: a child learns about the firetruck.
Answer sentence: children are learning about a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: a child is climbing in the sand at a playground with a playground and a makeshift structure.
Answer sentence: children are climbing and digging in the sand at a makeshift playground, which features a structure made from tires.

Decoded sentence: a child is child on a beautiful lake.
Answer sentence: children are canoeing on a beautiful lake.

Decoded sentence: staff paint sitting on center floor in center center.
Answer sentence: children and staff sit on the floor and paint in a recreation center.

Decoded sentence: a child sitting down looking at a train ride.
Answer sentence: child sitting down looking at train ride brochure

Decoded sentence: a child in a red and red shirt painting.
Answer sentence: child in red and blue shirt painting a log.

Decoded sentence: sushi prepare food for a restaurant for a restaurant.
Answer sentence: chefs prepare food for patrons of a sushi restaurant.

Decoded sentence: cheerleaders practicing a pyramid routine.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are practicing pyramid routines.

Decoded sentence: the cheerleaders are on a field cheering.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are on the field cheering.

Decoded sentence: a cement mixer with a yellow building parked in front of a building.
Answer sentence: cement truck with a yellow mixer parked in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian couple with chocolate hair and a blue light gown sharing a piece caucasian.
Answer sentence: caucasian couple, both with red-hair, bride wearing a white wedding gown, groom wearing light blue shirt and silk blue tie, sharing a piece of white wedding cake with chocolate frosting.

Decoded sentence: a cargo ship is loading onto a ship.
Answer sentence: cargo is being loaded onto a ship.

Decoded sentence: survivors race for the cure cancer.
Answer sentence: cancer survivors race for a cure.

Decoded sentence: the vista platform in the orange hard hat is standing atop the platform atop the wide open.
Answer sentence: cameramen and other men in orange hard hats stand atop a platform overlooking the wide open vista.

Decoded sentence: aftermath bystanders watch a car between bystanders between red and black.
Answer sentence: bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.

Decoded sentence: street scene scene scene displaying traffic and pedestrians.
Answer sentence: busy city street scene displaying pedestrians and automobile traffic.

Decoded sentence: radio listening to beach post by radio beach.
Answer sentence: bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach.

Decoded sentence: a buddhist man with glasses is sitting at a desk of office decorated in a colorful office.
Answer sentence: buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather.

Decoded sentence: a brunette woman in a white bikini cup into a man 's bikini into a cup.
Answer sentence: brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man 's cup.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a yellow bikini top and a yellow towel is having a large towel across.
Answer sentence: brunette female wearing yellow bikini top, has large tattoo inked across her lower back, and a blue towel draped across her right shoulder.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog with a black collar licking his nose.
Answer sentence: brown dog with black collar licking nose.

Decoded sentence: a shadow and a brown dog running towards the camera while a brown dog is running towards.
Answer sentence: brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in brightly doing acrobatics on a log.
Answer sentence: brightly dressed men doing acrobatics on a log.

Decoded sentence: brazil picture playing pictures as the guitar of brazil on the street in the street.
Answer sentence: brazilian mime is playing the racket as a guitar for his solo performance on the streets of brazil in this picture.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing jeans and a black sweatshirt is standing on the sidewalk and one of them.
Answer sentence: boys wearing jeans and hooded sweatshirts stand on a sidewalk, and one of them is holding a black plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a boy is selling flowers and a mug on the sidewalk and selling flowers.
Answer sentence: boys are selling flowers, drinks, mugs, and other items on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a mostly mostly wearing a helmet and two riding on to separate skateboards.
Answer sentence: boys and men, mostly all wearing helmets, hang on to two separate cars while they ride skateboards.

Decoded sentence: a boy 's camping stands with attention to camping at attention.
Answer sentence: boy 's camp drill sergeant with boys standing at attention.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a floaties with feet in the sand on the beach.
Answer sentence: boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a headscarf and a boat with a eyes in the background.
Answer sentence: boy with eye patch and headscarf, boats in background.

Decoded sentence: a boy with dark skin is standing on his head with his head spread spread at the end of.
Answer sentence: boy with dark skin, standing on his head with legs spread, at the end of a floating wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: a boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.
Answer sentence: boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a striped shirt is looking at a peaceful lake.
Answer sentence: boy in striped shirt looks at peaceful lake.

Decoded sentence: a boy in shorts is facing the water face in the shallow face.
Answer sentence: boy in shorts, face down in shallow, reflective water.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a blue and white vest wakeboarding on a trunk.
Answer sentence: boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard.

Decoded sentence: planked in a wooded sweater with a white boy on a green water standing on the water with.
Answer sentence: boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: woman in a brown shirt with headphones on her shoulder and a crowd of headphones in a crowd.
Answer sentence: boy in brown shirt with headphones on sits on woman 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a boy in black shorts sliding on a green surface covered with a green surface covered in.
Answer sentence: boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl running along the beach.
Answer sentence: boy and girl running along the beach.

Decoded sentence: a collie tennis ball jumps in the air and a tennis ball to catch a tennis ball.
Answer sentence: border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.

Decoded sentence: a bolt holds a sign on the pole.
Answer sentence: bolts hold the sign on the pole.

Decoded sentence: a rocky biker of a rocky trail descending a rocky trail.
Answer sentence: blurry picture of mountain biker descending rocky trail.

Decoded sentence: a blond couple posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: blond-haired couple posing for picture.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman in a white dress sitting on a wooden walkway with a wooden line lined into.
Answer sentence: blond women in a white dress sitting on a wooden blanked walkway with a green lined background.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman smokes a cigarette by a shopping bag.
Answer sentence: blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman sitting on a city bench reading a magazine in the shade.
Answer sentence: blond woman sitting on city bench reading a magazine in the shade.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman driving a bicycle red carriage of a bicycle with a bicycle of a bicycle and.
Answer sentence: blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back.

Decoded sentence: a blond man with a white button up shirt and two women in front of a microphone using headphones.
Answer sentence: blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women, one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a gray feather and black and black feather in a crowd of people dancing.
Answer sentence: blond girl with a white and black feather boa and gray t-shirt dancing in crowd of young people.

Decoded sentence: a blond girl in a yellow uniform standing large trophy and carrying a large door of art.
Answer sentence: blond girl in a yellow-belt martial arts uniform standing in front of a door and carrying a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: a blond child with a black knit coat and a large scarf standing in front of a window.
Answer sentence: blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian caucasian male in a black cargo black shirt and holding a digital camera.
Answer sentence: blond caucasian male in black t-shirt and cargo shorts, holding a professional digital camera, taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: a blond boy is wiping his face with a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man is singing with a black suite in a nice choir match a piano of a piano resting at.
Answer sentence: black man in a nice suite that matches the rest of the choir he 's singing with near a piano.

Decoded sentence: a black dog jumping in the air with a pile of black dogs and rocks on the grass near a.
Answer sentence: black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks.

Decoded sentence: a black dog wearing a black dog walking through the water.
Answer sentence: black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water.

Decoded sentence: sunflowers and black bird standing on a bird 's hand holding seeds.
Answer sentence: black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds

Decoded sentence: a bird 's eye eye a city street to walk on the street.
Answer sentence: bird 's eye view of a city worker walking on the street.

Decoded sentence: a biker biker through the forest.
Answer sentence: bikers race through a forest.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclist waiting at the intersection.
Answer sentence: bicyclists waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclist riding on a grass field wearing a yellow and yellow helmet and a yellow helmet.
Answer sentence: bicyclist riding on a grass field, wearing a red and yellow uniform, shades, and a helmet.

Decoded sentence: a skin is a hot sun that like she is like a hot sun.
Answer sentence: being exposed to hot sun like this can cause skin cancer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and rollerblades is sliding to an slide before onlookers in the.
Answer sentence: before onlookers in a park, a man in a black shirt and rollerblades slides backward down a railing.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow.
Answer sentence: beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow.

Decoded sentence: scarlet brunette woman draped in blue and purple scarlet scarlet.
Answer sentence: beautiful brunette woman, draped in purple, blue and a scarlet scarves.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a leather jacket and sunglasses standing by a bearded man wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: bearded man wearing sunglasses, hat and leather jacket standing by an orange life preserver.

Decoded sentence: a man with a beard and a soldier with a toy painted beard with a toy painted on it.
Answer sentence: bearded man playing a game with toy soldiers, tanks and a dice with a soldier and a bomb painted on it.

Decoded sentence: writer looking goers at heart leaving a beach in the sky.
Answer sentence: beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player in a stadium is about to score a basketball player with a stadium behind.
Answer sentence: basketball players in a stadium with the audience behind them, one player is about to slam dunk and score.

Decoded sentence: 53 baseball player wearing baseball jersey and a number wearing a baseball jersey standing.
Answer sentence: baseball player melky cabrera wearing number 53 jersey standing behind home plate looks on as his team rounds home behind the catcher.

Decoded sentence: a baseball player trying to tag out base from the opposite team that is trying home base.
Answer sentence: baseball catcher trying to tag out a player from the opposite team that is sliding into home base.

Decoded sentence: a barefoot woman on stage wearing cultural cultural and dancing.
Answer sentence: barefoot women on a stage wearing similar cultural outfits dancing.

Decoded sentence: a barefoot man wearing black shirt and mask is walking in the procession.
Answer sentence: barefoot men wearing black masks and no shirts are walking in a procession.

Decoded sentence: a band performing at an outdoor tent with a band and a audience in the background.
Answer sentence: band students performing at an outdoor concert, with tents and audience in the background.

Decoded sentence: a small crowd in front of a small crowd outside.
Answer sentence: band playing in front of a small crowd outside.

Decoded sentence: visitors performing information in the center band music.
Answer sentence: band performing music in a visitors information center.

Decoded sentence: a man is asleep on a rail that is asleep on the stairs with a beard of a beard to the stairs.
Answer sentence: balding man with a beard who has fallen asleep leaning on another man next to him, against the rails of a set of stairs.

Decoded sentence: a bald man wearing glasses is reading to a man and four women.
Answer sentence: bald woman wearing glasses reads to four men and one woman.

Decoded sentence: the ninja ninja looks up as the two friends like two friends are looking up as the garden.
Answer sentence: backyard jump pose that looks ninja like as two friends pretend to fight among green garden set ups.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a brown jacket is walking to the baby is crying by a car.
Answer sentence: baby in brown jacket, crying and walking to a boy, by orange car.

Decoded sentence: bmxer in the air with a blurred blurred on motion background.
Answer sentence: bmxer in the air with motion blur on the forest background.

Decoded sentence: a backdrop at the stage with a light audience as the audience.
Answer sentence: audience at an event with the stage lights as the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: a attractive woman fixing a bag and a attractive attractive attractive attractive attractive.
Answer sentence: attractive woman, roller derby team `` roller girls '' stares, while fixing her shirt and holding a bag.

Decoded sentence: a athlete wearing a number number prepares to enter the water for a number event.
Answer sentence: athletes who are wearing numbered outfits are preparing to enter the water for a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a woman holds a intersection at the street as a woman in black and black in a black and.
Answer sentence: at the corner of an intersection, a black vehicle waits as a woman in black holding a bag is crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: a man sunbathing on a book at the beach while sunbathing in the bikini while the woman.
Answer sentence: at the beach, a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes.

Decoded sentence: the old baker is sleeping and the apprentices is seated of the baker to flour beside him.
Answer sentence: at the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him.

Decoded sentence: a man appears to be sharing in a circle at a large circle of a large chef of food and a.
Answer sentence: at some sort of large gathering, a group of men who appear to be chefs stand in a circle sharing some kind of food.

Decoded sentence: two men in glasses are crouching near a plant at night.
Answer sentence: at night, two men in glasses crouch near some plants.

Decoded sentence: a man is speaking into a megaphone while a man holds a megaphone.
Answer sentence: at an outdoor event, one man is speaking into a megaphone while another man is holding the megaphone.

Decoded sentence: texas pedestrians pass a texas the meat is smoking.
Answer sentence: at a street festival, a boy and a man cook some sort of `` texas smoked '' meat while pedestrians pass by.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in black and black pants is playing a rock while in a red checked hat and.
Answer sentence: at a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.

Decoded sentence: naval in navy white uniforms and navy uniforms are standing by two older officers at a.
Answer sentence: at a naval yard, a man in a white navy officer 's uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white uniform is doing a stunt at a martial arts demonstration atop art art.
Answer sentence: at a martial arts demonstration, a few men in white uniforms stand atop one another, doing stunts.

Decoded sentence: various consult various papers laptops at a conference table in various papers.
Answer sentence: at a long conference table in an office, various professionals consult their papers and laptops.

Decoded sentence: the four people mill and mill about the rope and play at a outdoor event.
Answer sentence: at a crowded outdoor event, many people are milling about, with four girls playing jump-rope in the immediate foreground.

Decoded sentence: cabanas relax under a blue tourist match match the match and relax for a turquoise tree.
Answer sentence: at a beachfront cafe, where the leaves of palm trees are blown by a gentle breeze, tourists dine under turquoise and white shade umbrellas which match the colors of the sky and the sea beyond them, while in the distance, beachgoers relax beneath blue cabanas and umbrellas on the sand.

Decoded sentence: a girl raises his arm through the dirt while a girl raises his arm into the base.
Answer sentence: at a baseball game, one girl slides through dirt into a base while the other raises her arms.

Decoded sentence: a little spiderman little candy waits at a halloween that is getting halloween.
Answer sentence: at halloween, this little spiderman waits to get some candy.

Decoded sentence: pastel asian woman in pastel dress using various umbrella from the sun.
Answer sentence: asian women in various forms of dress use pastel umbrellas to shield themselves from the sun.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman in a white shirt standing away from a crowd.
Answer sentence: asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her.

Decoded sentence: the asian girl and child are on a field listening to a speech trip.
Answer sentence: asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech, except for one girl who is posing for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a asian people working to walk through a town.
Answer sentence: asian people walking to work through town.

Decoded sentence: the asian attendant is sitting on the flight of the flight while people sit to serve them.
Answer sentence: asian people sitting on an airplane waiting as the flight attendants is serving them food.

Decoded sentence: a asian man is sweeping the walkway.
Answer sentence: asian man sweeping the walkway.

Decoded sentence: the asian man is visible prepared at the mall with bread food in a shopping court.
Answer sentence: asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him, at a food court in a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in the blue shirt is working with a machine.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue shirt works with a machine

Decoded sentence: a asian man in a blue robe dancing in front of a asian man in a blue robe.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue asian robe dancing in front of asian musicians in blue.

Decoded sentence: a blond man holding a woman and woman watching his hands in the background.
Answer sentence: asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.

Decoded sentence: the asian boy is resting his hand on the river beside the river.
Answer sentence: asian emo boy rests hands on hips beside a river.

Decoded sentence: people and people are building in bright glass scene with a light glass scene.
Answer sentence: asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.

Decoded sentence: a asian child dressed in black and black knee tile over a vast tiled tile pad.
Answer sentence: asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile.

Decoded sentence: a large black and white dog plays with a large brown and white dog.
Answer sentence: as the brown dog looks the other way, a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog.

Decoded sentence: dancers wait open to open other irish buildings practice open by the others door.
Answer sentence: as others wait outside the public building for the doors to open, one young irish dancer practices her jig.

Decoded sentence: a army squatting squatting in the rain.
Answer sentence: army person squatting in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man in a gray sweatshirt rides a horse.
Answer sentence: another man in a gray sweatshirt also rides a horse.

Decoded sentence: rounded photo depicts a female and she walks through the narrow concrete ceiling with a.
Answer sentence: and eerie photo depicting a female from behind as she walks through what looks like a narrow and poorly lit concrete tunnel with a rounded ceiling.

Decoded sentence: a very black team captures a very soccer game on between two men in black and white stride.
Answer sentence: an very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.

Decoded sentence: a child child above a trampoline.
Answer sentence: an upside-down child above a trampoline.

Decoded sentence: unshaven men with serious meter stand in front of a parking meter on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: an unshaven man with a serious look is standing in front of a parking meter on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful photo underwater above the sea underneath the sea underwater is taking underwater.
Answer sentence: an underwater photographer swims under the beautiful sea, yet above the white sand in the clear water with a large camera as she takes photo 's from underneath the water.

Decoded sentence: a surfer airborne over a wave.
Answer sentence: an surfer airborne over a wave.

Decoded sentence: three overweight women wearing red jackets and denim gloves are juggling a overweight overweight.
Answer sentence: an overweight woman wearing a red scarf, denim jacket, gloves and sunglasses is juggling three oranges outdoors with a house in the background.

Decoded sentence: a overweight overweight man wearing a gray shirt and gray shorts sitting in the foreground.
Answer sentence: an overweight white man wearing a gray tee-shirt and lighter gray shorts is standing in the foreground of a classroom while another white man wearing glasses sits in a chair looking at him.

Decoded sentence: a overweight woman to a book and a partly overweight man reads a book on from a cloudy.
Answer sentence: an overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: there are elderly overweight women standing on a line behind a man with a gray shirt and.
Answer sentence: an overweight elderly woman is waiting in line behind a man with a shaved head with a gray shirt and black pants and there is a man looking through a newspaper on a stand that says echo in the background.

Decoded sentence: a oriental woman with a oriental moped around his moped and a oriental black moped around.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman with her fist raised in the air, other oriental people around her, and a black moped beside her.

Decoded sentence: the oriental woman is handling a tray of fruit and a tray of colorful fruits and a oriental.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman is handling a tray of fruit and smiling while surrounded by an array of similar trays of fruit in a colorful display.

Decoded sentence: a oriental man wearing a jacket with many sandals pocket along with his pockets.
Answer sentence: an oriental man was wearing a jacket with many pockets, along with his green sandals.

Decoded sentence: a oriental oriental girl in pink pants sitting on a stool eating of a oriental box.
Answer sentence: an oriental looking girl in pink pants, sitting on a little stool, eating out of a takeout box.

Decoded sentence: people practicing their chairs full of chairs on stage full of green chairs.
Answer sentence: an orchestra of about 30 people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs.

Decoded sentence: a orchestra up a man playing a cello and a cello orchestra made of forefront.
Answer sentence: an orchestra made up of individuals of asian descent, with a man playing the cello forefront.

Decoded sentence: deere in orange hard hats and gold hard hats sitting on a large piece of john equipment.
Answer sentence: an operator in a gold hard hat and orange vest sits hunched over on a large piece of john deere equipment.

Decoded sentence: the poor air market in the air is running down the open air market.
Answer sentence: an open air market in a poor and run down place.

Decoded sentence: the older black woman is holding a yellow swimsuit and swimsuit stands along with a yellow.
Answer sentence: an older, white woman stands along a crowded street wearing a swimsuit, holding a yellow sign with black letters that states, `` secure borders, legal immigration. ''

Decoded sentence: a older male construction worker wearing a yellow vest climbing down the roof of a building.
Answer sentence: an older, male construction worker wearing a yellow vest climbing down from the roof of a building onto scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: a older woman with a red jacket and a red jacket riding around at a amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a stroller and a red jacket wrapped around her waist looking at an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: the older woman with the silver scarf and silver scarf is sitting by the decorative ring.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a nose ring, silver necklace, and decorative scarf is quietly sitting.

Decoded sentence: the older woman with the green plaid plaid cart is paying from the cart to pay wallet and.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a green plaid shopping cart removes money from her wallet to pay another woman for her green, leave-like goods.

Decoded sentence: two women smile as two older women talk together.
Answer sentence: an older woman smiles on as two pink-haired women talk.

Decoded sentence: the older girl is sitting next to a small girl wearing a striped dress.
Answer sentence: an older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress.

Decoded sentence: reptilian children and older male show sit show in the background.
Answer sentence: an older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background.

Decoded sentence: a older woman is running in the number featuring a large race that features number people.
Answer sentence: an older woman is featured in the fore ground of a large race that a number of people are running in.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a black coat and tan knit hat with a knit coat on a green storefront scooter.
Answer sentence: an older woman in a black coat and a white knit beret converses with an older man in a tan scooter hat and a green coat on the sidewalk near storefronts.

Decoded sentence: tribes women dressed in brown dresses holding hands over a brown pot pot holding a pot.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in the garments of an african tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.

Decoded sentence: a older woman dressed in black with black fanny and a pink fanny.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in pink with a black fanny pack is outside with some trees and an interesting architectural design next to her.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in blue fitting yellow fitting yellow skirts and skirts sit on the ground.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in an ill-fitting yellow shirt and blue plaid skirt is sitting on the ground next to two pails.

Decoded sentence: the older gentleman gentleman is examining his home in his home.
Answer sentence: an older smiling gentleman is examining a rifle in his home.

Decoded sentence: a older man is sitting on a red bench next to a black person with a black bookstore and.
Answer sentence: an older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a white tank top eating from his hand.
Answer sentence: an older man, with a dirty white tank top, eating something from his hands.

Decoded sentence: a older man working a dock by a older dock.
Answer sentence: an older man works his station by the boat dock.

Decoded sentence: a older man with gray hair and large hair sitting in a chair making bamboo instruments.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the gray baseball hat and gray knee knee and the man is on the head.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair and a white baseball hat is hunched over and his head is on his knees.

Decoded sentence: a older man with glasses raises his glasses in the eyebrow.
Answer sentence: an older man with glasses raises his eyebrows in surprise.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a yellow blouse is reading a stage as he reads a stage on stage.
Answer sentence: an older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage.

Decoded sentence: a older girl with a blue cap and blue cap is playing a small blue guitar while sitting.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard, wearing a blue shirt and blue baseball cap, is playing guitar to a small black girl sitting on a red stool.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a white beard and a sailboat stands in front of a large sailboat on a.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard stands in front of a mast on a large sailboat, while holding a rope.

Decoded sentence: a younger man with a tan backpack and a younger man in a tan vest from a butcher stand.
Answer sentence: an older man with a tan vest and backpack is standing in front of a butcher 's display case, ordering something from a younger man in a ball cap standing behind the counter.

Decoded sentence: yong boy with short blue shirt and blue jeans with a red hat taking pictures at a book.
Answer sentence: an older man with a mustache wearing blue jeans, a black belt, red short-sleeve shirt and a hat is looking at a book by a yong boy wearing a navy shirt and hat who is probably taking a picture or looking through binoculars.

Decoded sentence: a homeless man with a gray beard and a homeless person in a gray beard possibly on the.
Answer sentence: an older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the stands next to the counter.
Answer sentence: an older man with a can is standing next to a counter.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a lot and a lot of hay are sweeping to a bearded man in front of a cardboard.
Answer sentence: an older man with a beard uses a hay broom to sweep the ground in front of cubed cardboard trash in a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing shorts and baby walking in front of two strollers wearing a stroller.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing shorts and t-shirt pushes a baby stroller as he walks in front of two women wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing glasses and a baseball cap and a baseball cap is playing baseball outside.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing glasses, a baseball cap, a white shirt and a red vest plays a tuba outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a black cap and black cap is standing on the street with a black cap.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and a black cap is standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing a blue shirt is sitting.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a blue shirt is sitting.

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.

Decoded sentence: a older man standing in the concrete tank top of a blue tank top holding a blue tank.
Answer sentence: an older man stands in a white tank top and blue jeans, holding something to smooth down concrete.

Decoded sentence: a older man sitting back and relaxing back on a patio of a bicycle prop many older buildings.
Answer sentence: an older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.

Decoded sentence: a older man reading a book.
Answer sentence: an older man reading a book.

Decoded sentence: a older man posing near a wooden bowl on the display.
Answer sentence: an older man poses near wooden bowls on display.

Decoded sentence: a older man is looking at a man in a yellow shirt and shirt looks at a stone wall.
Answer sentence: an older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall.

Decoded sentence: the older man is carving a wood machine to carved the machine.
Answer sentence: an older man is carving wood using a machine and hand tools.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a red shirt and khaki shorts driving to the crowd at the parade.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red t-shirt and khaki shorts is waving to the crowd at a parade while driving an antique ford vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a red sweatshirt stands in front of a bench that is standing on a bench.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red sweatshirt stands in front of a group of children sitting on benches in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is forge in the shape on the shape.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a gray shirt with a long white cabinet under it up holding a wooden cabinet.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt under it holding up a small wooden cabinet.

Decoded sentence: the older man is touching the finish sculpture on the sculpture.
Answer sentence: an older man finishes the last touch up on his sculpture.

Decoded sentence: a older man eating a burrito.
Answer sentence: an older man eating a burrito.

Decoded sentence: a older man and a woman man on a treadmill.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman exercise on treadmills.

Decoded sentence: a older man and woman holding a large statue in a white studio.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman are holding a large statue in a white studio.

Decoded sentence: a young girl and a young girl are looking in a mall at a shopping mall.
Answer sentence: an older man and a young girl are looking a fish in pool at a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: a young lady talks to his older uniform that is in the older uniform.
Answer sentence: an older lady teacher talking to young students who are in uniform in front of the classroom building.

Decoded sentence: kitchenaid lady in black shirt and ingredients adding her ingredients on a bowl.
Answer sentence: an older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a kitchenaid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: 9 ladies blowing out cake on a birthday cake while number older lady is blowing out on.
Answer sentence: an older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake.

Decoded sentence: overcast individuals cross the street on what seems to be a overcast and a overcast day.
Answer sentence: an older individual crosses the street on what seems to be an overcast day, traffic approaches in the background.

Decoded sentence: a rustic guy looking at a rustic classic rustic volkswagen.
Answer sentence: an older guy looking at a classic, rustic, volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: the older guy is playing chess with a older guy.
Answer sentence: an older guy is playing chess with a young boy.

Decoded sentence: stainless gentlemen wearing shorts and shorts flips burgers on a large grill grill.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, wearing a t-shirt and shorts, is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill.

Decoded sentence: a older gentleman dressed in a red and red jeans on the beach are tossing a small red ball.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, tosses a small red ball on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the older gentleman with the dark jacket is trying to sell a street on a city street.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman with a beard is wearing a dark jacket and trying to sell something on a city street.

Decoded sentence: immense gentlemen standing along the shore of a cityscape with a cityscape and water across.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water.

Decoded sentence: the older gentleman is sitting in a dark chair with a light white and a small white light.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman is sitting in a dark room with little light at a white small table and chairs.

Decoded sentence: a older gentleman in front of a window of meat looking at fresh meat.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman in front of the window of a deli looking at the fresh cooked meats.

Decoded sentence: overstuffed dressed in white chairs completely sitting and eating from a large white bowl.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman dressed completely in white is eating from a white bowl while sitting in a large overstuffed chair.

Decoded sentence: a older gentleman cleaning a bicycle bicycle.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman cleaning a bicycle rim.

Decoded sentence: a younger boy to a younger airplane of airplane out of a terminal with a terminal in the.
Answer sentence: an older boy is pointing out something to a younger boy inside and airport terminal with an airplane in the background

Decoded sentence: the older gentleman in the classroom is reading a book in front of the open classroom while.
Answer sentence: an older bearded gentleman in glasses is reading a book in front of an open laptop, possibly in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: an older asian woman displaying his sale for sale.
Answer sentence: an older asian woman displaying bread for sale

Decoded sentence: the older man wearing a green jacket is holding a new bicycle sign while holding a new.
Answer sentence: an older asian man wears a black and green jacket and a new york city hat, holding a bicycle rental sign.

Decoded sentence: the old man and glasses are sitting at a table with a homeless man in front of him.
Answer sentence: an old, perhaps homeless, man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a old woman with a gray hat is sitting on a gravel ground covered in front of a stone covered.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a gray hat sits on the gravel covered ground in front of large stone blocks knitting a sock.

Decoded sentence: there are many objects on the street on the street looking at the street.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cart, looking at china, there are many objects on display on the street.

Decoded sentence: a old woman with a cane is sitting on a red bench.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cane sits on a red bench.

Decoded sentence: the old woman wearing a yellow jacket and blue jeans standing by the street trying to vegetables.
Answer sentence: an old woman wearing a yellow jacket and blue jeans trying to choose some vegetables from a street stand.

Decoded sentence: the old woman is looking excited with his friends gives to the old friends.
Answer sentence: an old woman looking excited with a present given to her by her friends.

Decoded sentence: two old women sitting on a bench and up a bench while two old women are walking by.
Answer sentence: an old woman is sitting on a bench, while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by.

Decoded sentence: two women gaze up with up two old man in the foreground foreground with two men.
Answer sentence: an old woman gazes up with thought, with two smiling women and a large man in the back and foreground.

Decoded sentence: weathered bearded bearded man wearing all white and black riding a beautiful rock on a.
Answer sentence: an old weathered, bearded man wearing all black, riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks.

Decoded sentence: a old man with gray hair wearing a black and gray scarf.
Answer sentence: an old man with gray hair wearing a scarf and black jacket.

Decoded sentence: the old man with glasses is filling a glass filled with people to the man with glasses.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses in a shop filled with people hands a red tube to another man with glasses.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with glasses and a old man at a gathering of people hugging.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people.

Decoded sentence: the old man with the arm is sitting and against the wooden wall between the man and a woman.
Answer sentence: an old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man.

Decoded sentence: a old man with a mustache and a mustache is sitting down holding a gun.
Answer sentence: an old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling.

Decoded sentence: a old man with a foreign hat and hat stands by a tiled sign with a mosaic sign standing.
Answer sentence: an old man with a multicolored hat standing is standing front of a earth toned mosaic sign, with foreign language in the tiles.

Decoded sentence: a old man wearing gray chairs in a small chair.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing gray sleeps in a small chair.

Decoded sentence: the old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants is standing on the sidewalk with a small.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants standing on a sidewalk with a small suitcase.

Decoded sentence: a old man walking a leash through the street on a street.
Answer sentence: an old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash.

Decoded sentence: the old man is playing a newspaper while playing a newspaper in the scrap.
Answer sentence: an old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper, while a toddler plays with the scraps.

Decoded sentence: a old man tied for a net.
Answer sentence: an old man tying a net for fishing.

Decoded sentence: a old man smiling at the camera in front of a rocky patch of land.
Answer sentence: an old man smiling at the camera in front of a rocky, barren patch of land.

Decoded sentence: a old man sitting.
Answer sentence: an old man sits.

Decoded sentence: a old man on a bicycle riding along a old country road with the sun and treetops.
Answer sentence: an old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.

Decoded sentence: a old man named jim is knitting.
Answer sentence: an old man named jim is knitting.

Decoded sentence: a old man is hugging a woman in a red and red striped couch on a couch.
Answer sentence: an old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the old boy is standing on a wooden bridge and holding a little boy wearing spiderman wrist.
Answer sentence: an old man holds the wrists of a little boy wearing spiderman bathing shorts while standing on a wooden bridge.

Decoded sentence: the old man dressed in the axe is standing on the hill and holding a axe.
Answer sentence: an old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill.

Decoded sentence: the old lady is standing behind two men in the background and two men wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: an old lady standing behind two men in a checkout line and a man wearing sunglasses in the background reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: the old woman looks at the tub of a large white tub holding food in the crowd of people.
Answer sentence: an old grandma is looking at a woman who is holding a large white tub of food in a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: the old bearded man with the wooden barn with a wooden barn and the soil in the background.
Answer sentence: an old bearded man is tilling the soil with a simple wooden plow, with a wooden fence and an old barn in the background.

Decoded sentence: batiment old man sitting in folding chair in front of a road with a inhabitable on the.
Answer sentence: an old bald man is sitting in a folding chair in front of a sign on the side of the road, in front of a brick building with a window that has the sign `` batiment inhabitable. ''

Decoded sentence: the old asian woman is walking in front of the subway train and is walking by her.
Answer sentence: an old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in black and black knee high knee high knee skirts and boots stand in the.
Answer sentence: an oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: a older man sitting and looking on to make a bag to make a bag that is sitting to the bag.
Answer sentence: an native-looking older man is sitting and working on making an item that looks to be similar to his hat or bag which is beside him.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt is lifting a toddler onto his lap and onto his lap lift onto the.
Answer sentence: an man in khaki shorts and a white t-shirt is lifting a toddler onto the lap of a jelly belly.

Decoded sentence: a male in a white shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.
Answer sentence: an male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.

Decoded sentence: a male wearing a pink tank top and a skirt and a woman wearing pink knee high socks and.
Answer sentence: an male entertainer is wearing women 's clothing that consists of a pink tank top, skirt, knee high socks, and a hairnet, performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches.

Decoded sentence: intricate middle slide stands of a piece of long flute in a blue piece piece sliding brass.
Answer sentence: an intricate gold design is the backdrop to a middle-aged woman in a blue outfit playing a long, brass instrument with a sliding piece as she stands by a another middle-aged woman in a blue outfit who is playing a long, wooden flute-like instrument.

Decoded sentence: a small woman with a low smiling door and a woman with a small woman draped a door setting.
Answer sentence: an intimate setting with low lighting, draped doors and tables with small groups of men and women smiling and drinking.

Decoded sentence: a person wearing white helmet is climbing a rock climbing a white rock.
Answer sentence: an inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.

Decoded sentence: a infant is laying on a bed with it 's open mouth.
Answer sentence: an infant lays on a bed with it 's mouth open.

Decoded sentence: two individuals in blue pants and pants stand on a ladder as others look in a ladder.
Answer sentence: an individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder.

Decoded sentence: spongebob dressed in blue shorts and blue shorts are photographed with papers and papers.
Answer sentence: an individual dressed in a blue top and red `` spongebob '' shorts with a handful of papers looks surprised while being photographed.

Decoded sentence: impromptu friends about their friends.
Answer sentence: an impromptu toast among friends.

Decoded sentence: people taking place by a place of erecting event and attracted are standing outside.
Answer sentence: an event in which stands have been erected and large group of people are attracted takes place outside.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in front of a banner banner from new york.
Answer sentence: an evening people sitting in front of a banner stating, from new york.

Decoded sentence: a flat woman wearing a purple apron and apron is sitting on the floor and others wearing.
Answer sentence: an ethnic woman wearing a purple apron is sitting on the floor shaping round, flat food items while others cook over a fire on a large round, flat pan.

Decoded sentence: two entertainers on a pedestal and a dog stand on the pedestal while holding up a goat.
Answer sentence: an entertainer stand on one leg, holding up a dog as two goats stand on pedestals in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman employee her fish as she is browsing through the street on the street at the street.
Answer sentence: an employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman leaning against a wall and holding a plastic wall and glasses.
Answer sentence: an elderly women is sitting and leaning against a wall, holding a photo and a plastic glass.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman buying a elderly store at a store.
Answer sentence: an elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman with a cane is sitting in a large wooden chair next to a wooden cabin in.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman with a cane sits in a large wooden chair next to a weaving loom, in a log cabin.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman wearing a black coat and black scarf as the man is watching at the man.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a black coat and a green scarf, looks at her watch as a man is looking at her with his mouth open.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is participating in the demonstration about the.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman trying at a mirror and looks at a mirror with a elderly woman to his right.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique, with a sales assistant to her right.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman is stirring a pot in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman stirs a pot in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman is sitting on the sidewalk against a dirty wall with a elderly woman and.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits on the sidewalk against a dirty wall with her legs crossed and her hands in her lap.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman sitting in a chair with flowers and smiling at a book in the room.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits in a chair with a book and smiles at the pretty flowers in her room.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman and a elderly woman dressed in blue pants and light blue pants.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman serving bread to a man and a woman dressed in blue t-shirts and light brown pants

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman pushing a stroller.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman pushing a stroller

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman and the elderly man are in the background.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks upset, and an elderly man is in the background.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman looks on at a fruit of fruit as others.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on.

Decoded sentence: a elderly boy in a black dress and black pants holding a small boy on a pier with a small.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman in a black dress holds a black umbrella over a small boy in a red jacket and brown pants on a pier with a boat in the background.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman giving a elderly woman.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman giving her daughter a hug.

Decoded sentence: evergreen person stands in the street during the street with evergreen trees and others.
Answer sentence: an elderly person stands in the street during winter with evergreen tree branches in one hand and a cane in the other.

Decoded sentence: a elderly person is sitting alone on the steps of his ruins in the steps.
Answer sentence: an elderly person sits alone on the steps of some of an area in ruins.

Decoded sentence: a elderly person wearing a brown jacket and brown jacket.
Answer sentence: an elderly person is wearing a clue cap and brown jacket while sitting outside in front of a cutting board.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man with his hands is placing above the kind of place in a yard.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man with glasses and a cabinet stands in a living room holding a cabinet door.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with facial hair and glasses, standing in his living room holding a hutch cabinet with glass doors.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man with a long gray beard sitting on the ground and playing a flute.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man wearing a hat and a bicycle hat is wearing a paved paved path.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man wearing a dark hat and a elderly hat is wearing a wind suit around his wooden.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a dark suit, a hat, and clogs winds twine around a wooden implement.

Decoded sentence: a elderly dog taking a dog of water near the water.
Answer sentence: an elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man tending on a ladder that is tending by a tree of trees.
Answer sentence: an elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man is sitting in the alleyway in the alleyway.
Answer sentence: an elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man reading a newspaper next to a elderly man reading a newspaper in graffiti.
Answer sentence: an elderly man reads a newspaper next to some garbage cans and a wall covered in graffiti.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man standing behind a bar and wine open behind.
Answer sentence: an elderly man opens a wine bottle while standing behind a bar.

Decoded sentence: a cute little man kayaking in a body of water with a cute bird on the corner of the water.
Answer sentence: an elderly man kayaking in a body of water with a cute bird on the corner of his little boat.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man cooking a hotdog hotdog.
Answer sentence: an elderly man is cooking hotdogs outside.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man in a red jacket facing the sun from the sun.
Answer sentence: an elderly man in a red jacket shielding his face from the sun.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man driving a unique firetruck.
Answer sentence: an elderly man drives a unique firetruck.

Decoded sentence: jewelery man and woman walk past a jewelery store on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and women walk together past a jewelery store on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man observing a wooden contraption with a wooden tube.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and woman observe a wooden contraption with a tube.

Decoded sentence: the elderly gentleman is taking the time from the time to eat.
Answer sentence: an elderly gentleman takes time away from his tasks to eat.

Decoded sentence: elderly asian woman with yellow walking in front of a yellow and yellow flowered cane.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman with a cane walking in front of several yellow and white flowered reefs.

Decoded sentence: the elderly asian woman wearing sunglasses and a yellow jacket is wearing a yellow jacket.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman is wearing a beret, sunglasses, a yellow scarf, and a plaid jacket.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man stands in front of the yellow shirt is standing in front of a information.
Answer sentence: an elderly african-american man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand.

Decoded sentence: celebratory man wearing elder attire and playing percussion instruments.
Answer sentence: an elder man, wearing celebratory attire, plays a percussion instrument and is singing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a motorcycle in a white vest and white vest sitting on a yellow motorcycle.
Answer sentence: an authority-figure in a white helmet, wearing a yellow vest, and sitting on a yellow motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a male in a white asian male and a girl with a mainly white audience raised her hands prominently.
Answer sentence: an audience of mainly white girls in and a prominently displayed asian male cheer with raised hands.

Decoded sentence: a attractive woman walking on the street in a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: an attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: a attractive girl with a lot in his hand leaning over a cigarette that is showing his cigarette.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl with a cigarette in one hand leaning over and showing lots of cleavage.

Decoded sentence: attractive girls are selling things to a girl.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl sells things to boys.

Decoded sentence: the young clad woman in the bright green nike leotard is in the nike leotard is in the.
Answer sentence: an athletic, young woman clad in a green leotard and bright green nike shoes is in a footrace as the 43rd entrant.

Decoded sentence: a athletic woman wearing a blue and white shorts and shorts is attempting between a blue.
Answer sentence: an athletic woman wearing blue and red shorts stands between the white lines on the rust-colored court and attempts to throw the javelin, while cameramen stand by.

Decoded sentence: a preserve is adding to a flower preserve that is adding flowers.
Answer sentence: an aspirin added to the water would preserve the flowers.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman standing outside of a yellow building.
Answer sentence: an asian women standing outside of a yellow building.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player asian player is eagerly waiting for his ball to serve the ball.
Answer sentence: an asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball.

Decoded sentence: the asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway on the public transportation.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway or some other sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: the asian man wearing a black suit is standing near a man and a brown suit.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a black suit stands near a dark-haired woman and a brown-haired woman.

Decoded sentence: two asian men with gray bikes walking down a walkway by two daughter.
Answer sentence: an asian man walks down a gray-tiled walkway with his two daughters by a man sitting with his bike.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in the flower is holding a flower on a wooden flower while holding a man.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a tuxedo is hugging a woman in a white dress while holding flowers, on wooden planks.

Decoded sentence: a asian man in a suit on the subway asleep on the subway.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.

Decoded sentence: a asian man giving a speech.
Answer sentence: an asian man giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: a korean girl holding flowers under a flower flower.
Answer sentence: an asian girl holding flowers under korean symbols.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman with yellow hair on her swing with a yellow bow standing behind her hair.
Answer sentence: an asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her.

Decoded sentence: a asian child in a baseball cap holding a crying.
Answer sentence: an asian child in a baseball cap crying while he is being held

Decoded sentence: a young boy drawing a comical comical sketch of sketch.
Answer sentence: an artists is drawing a comical sketch of a young boy.

Decoded sentence: a artist wearing a red and black sweater on the side of a brick building mural.
Answer sentence: an artist wearing a red and black sweater painting a mural on the side of a brick building.

Decoded sentence: contemporary working on a very contemporary piece of art and looking very working on the.
Answer sentence: an artist is working on his very contemporary looking piece of art, and is focusing very intensely on the work at hand.

Decoded sentence: a tourist in japan appears to be looking like a tourist area.
Answer sentence: an area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded, with many people of whom look like tourists.

Decoded sentence: political ' man with purple shirt shows a sign to his left ' sign that is showing his left.
Answer sentence: an apparent political event is shown with a crowd closeup, focusing on a middle-aged man in a purple shirt, with a person hoisting a platter of canapes to his right and a ' hillary ' campaign sign to his rear left.

Decoded sentence: a animal running through the sand at the beach.
Answer sentence: an animal running through the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the angry angry woman is sitting in the chair and looking beside she is about the green.
Answer sentence: an angry looking woman is sitting in a chair while a man in a green shirt stands beside her.

Decoded sentence: a brown horse rider seems to be shooting off a male rider in a blue and black jeans and.
Answer sentence: an angry brown horse seems to be trying to buck off the male rider in tan jeans and blue shirt and black hat, while a photographer shoots a picture.

Decoded sentence: a old couple with water in front of them with ornate water and a ornate couple.
Answer sentence: an amorous couple with water in front of them, an old building with ornate pillars in the background.

Decoded sentence: amateur looking into amateur one of a large field of amateur carrying up to a telescope.
Answer sentence: an amateur astronomer looks into the eyepiece of a large telescope set up in a field next to its carrying case, while another one overviews the telescope itself.

Decoded sentence: a african child wearing a red plaid shirt and blue shorts is sleeping on a rope hammock.
Answer sentence: an african child wearing a red and blue plaid shirt and blue shorts sleeping on a woven rope hammock.

Decoded sentence: a african american man playing a red guitar guitar.
Answer sentence: an african american man is playing a red electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: oversized african american man in white african shirt preparing to cut fruit on the beach.
Answer sentence: an african american man in an oversized white graphic t-shirt prepares to cut a tropical fruit on a beach.

Decoded sentence: a aerial view of a woman sitting in blue chairs on the beach.
Answer sentence: an aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the older woman is on top of two older women making aerial younger seems to be making a.
Answer sentence: an aerial view is on the top of two women, one older, one younger, who seem to be making something to eat at a public showcase.

Decoded sentence: a young male and a young male and a child walking along a pier holding umbrellas.
Answer sentence: an adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it 's raining.

Decoded sentence: a adult in a brightly colored hat weaving on a rug weaving while sitting or weaving on.
Answer sentence: an adult in brightly colored clothing and hat, is weaving or beading while sitting on brightly colored rugs.

Decoded sentence: three female kids and one female are in a canoe with a row of kids rowing.
Answer sentence: an adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat.

Decoded sentence: a adult dressed in black holds a stick.
Answer sentence: an adult dressed in black holds a stick.

Decoded sentence: glue children wearing yellow shirts and paper putting their paper on a piece of paper.
Answer sentence: an adult and a kid are both wearing yellow shirts and the child is putting glue on a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: a rooster and a rooster are outside at a white and white rooster in a black and white cage.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.

Decoded sentence: a child and child walk along the beach during the day.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.

Decoded sentence: a child and child sitting on a motorcycle police.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a volleyball player is a volleyball player spikes the ball.
Answer sentence: an action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball.

Decoded sentence: a heavy player wearing a yellow jacket and scarf standing by a telephone pole by a accordion.
Answer sentence: an accordion player wearing a heavy jacket, scarf and beanie standing by a yellow telephone pole.

Decoded sentence: the tango player is dancing a man and passersby accompanied by a city street as passersby.
Answer sentence: an accordion player accompanies a man and woman who are dancing a tango on a city street as several passersby watch.

Decoded sentence: a couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: an a unhappy couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a indian woman in traditional clothing cooking on a stove.
Answer sentence: an indian woman in traditional clothing cooks vegetables on her stove.

Decoded sentence: a indian man scratching his head to scratch his head.
Answer sentence: an indian man is scratching the back of his head while thinking.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man wearing a elderly kabab covering his man crouching off the grill.
Answer sentence: an elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman with reddish hair seated at the computer that is seated by a computer that.
Answer sentence: an asian woman with reddish blond-hair seated at a computer being helped by what looks like a librarian.

Decoded sentence: a woven woman wearing a woven dress sitting among a basket of cloth on his lap and cloth.
Answer sentence: an asian woman wearing a asian dress sitting among a group of cloths, with a woven basket on her lap.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman waiting at a underground train stop.
Answer sentence: an asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to a music.
Answer sentence: an asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music.

Decoded sentence: the asian woman is selling the wallet and the woman is selling the wallet.
Answer sentence: an asian woman selling silk scarfs, bags, and wallets.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman is selling fabric fabric.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is selling colorful fabrics.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman is posing with a red umbrella in the marketplace in china.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is posing with a red umbrella in a marketplace in china.

Decoded sentence: misspelled in mid and shirt wait for a bus in mid bus in the city.
Answer sentence: an asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city.

Decoded sentence: two asian men and a woman are playing cards in a hallway of a train and a woman.
Answer sentence: an asian woman and two men ( one asian and one white ) are playing cards in the hallway of a train.

Decoded sentence: a man and asian child looking at food products in a product.
Answer sentence: an asian man, woman and child looking at food products in a display.

Decoded sentence: the old man wearing a blue shirt and patterned pants is working with an old machine machine.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and patterned pants is working with an old looking machine.

Decoded sentence: the asian man is taking notes and reading notes.
Answer sentence: an asian man reading book and taking notes.

Decoded sentence: a man points while in a conversation with a person points.
Answer sentence: an asian man points while in conversation with another person.

Decoded sentence: the asian man is wearing a blue shirt and is cutting meat on a board kitchen as he cut.
Answer sentence: an asian man is cutting some meat on a cutting board in a kitchen and he is wearing a long blue t-shirt.

Decoded sentence: the asian girl wearing white leotard and white leotard is standing on the ballet as she.
Answer sentence: an asian girl wearing a white leotard and white stockings stands on her tiptoes as she dances ballet.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a shirt is making a surprised face and face surprised.
Answer sentence: an asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says `` radio ''

Decoded sentence: the cute asian girl in the color outfit with beautiful colors gives a beautiful colored.
Answer sentence: an asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.

Decoded sentence: the asian chef is going in the kitchen while putting his food and the food chef into the.
Answer sentence: an asian chef is working in the kitchen, and is smiling after putting the food he has made in a wok into a `` to-go '' container.

Decoded sentence: the asian bride in the red dress poses in the grassy field of a red bouquet of roses and.
Answer sentence: an asian bride in a red silk dress clutching a bouquet of red roses and an asian groom in a blue silk robe are posing in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a asian boy next to a brick building next to a brick building.
Answer sentence: an asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.

Decoded sentence: the asian guitarist is showing the reddish wall and the band with the blue venue and the.
Answer sentence: an asian band, whose guitarist is shown near the right and those drummer is shown on the left, plays in a venue lit with blue rope lightning and a reddish cattle skull wall fixture.

Decoded sentence: a amish woman in purple is attached to a horse and attached.
Answer sentence: an amish woman in purple is attached a buggy to a horse.

Decoded sentence: a demonstration patiently patiently in the side of a demonstration to attack a demonstration.
Answer sentence: an aikido student striking an attack in a demonstration to other students who stand patiently on the side of the mat.

Decoded sentence: a man in black sweatshirt and tan pants is outside.
Answer sentence: an african-american man in a black sweatshirt and tan pants is sitting outside with drumsticks and buckets.

Decoded sentence: a female is sitting outside of the dirt in a foreign village while she is working outside.
Answer sentence: an african-american female sits outside of a village side in a foreign country as she works on sewing on some unknown material as she sets on another material on top of the dirt.

Decoded sentence: a african woman with a lot of head and a lot on her head and piercings.
Answer sentence: an african woman with piercings, lots of necklaces and corn on her head.

Decoded sentence: a african woman making a pot.
Answer sentence: an african woman makes pots.

Decoded sentence: two native dons donned donned hats into the camera that are native beads of native beads.
Answer sentence: an african native gazes into the camera donning a hat of two corn cobs and necklaces of shells and beads.

Decoded sentence: a african man is working with a wooden machine.
Answer sentence: an african man is working with a wooden machine.

Decoded sentence: varying african individuals dressed into cultural beads while having a camera and a cultural.
Answer sentence: an african individual is looking into the camera while dressed in varying beads and decorations that have a cultural relevance.

Decoded sentence: headstand african child attempting on a boat for a boat and blue.
Answer sentence: an african child attempts a headstand on the front of a boat painted blue and white in water next to a field of crops.

Decoded sentence: a african american woman looking at a poster.
Answer sentence: an african american woman looking at a poster.

Decoded sentence: the african american woman is sitting in a white chair and chair and a american woman 's.
Answer sentence: an african american woman braiding another african american woman 's hair, while sitting in a white chair.

Decoded sentence: a african american man wearing a sweatshirt and walking in the city.
Answer sentence: an african american man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.

Decoded sentence: donations african american man with black tank top and black hat playing on a bucket of.
Answer sentence: an african american man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums on some buckets for donations.

Decoded sentence: intensely african american man speaking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: an african american man speaks intensely into the microphone.

Decoded sentence: the african american male is riding a green bike while riding a skateboard on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: an african american male rides a green bike while another person does an ollie on a skateboard in the background.

Decoded sentence: the african american man in the red african top is running the street while the man in.
Answer sentence: an african american in a red top and white and brown skirt crosses a street while a man in a blue shirt runs on it.

Decoded sentence: state african american girl receiving a doll from a doll that she is receiving the american.
Answer sentence: an african american girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states.

Decoded sentence: the african american baby is holding a baby while holding a baby garden from a garden.
Answer sentence: an african american family picking vegetables from the garden, while mom holds the baby and supervises.

Decoded sentence: three african children peer to peer by three peer.
Answer sentence: an african american child is supported by his three peers while riding his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two african american children standing behind an small american child stand behind.
Answer sentence: an afican american woman standing behind two small african american children.

Decoded sentence: a atv rider sliding on a trail and kicking up a dirt corner around a corner.
Answer sentence: an atv rider, speeds around a corner, while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a tan jacket is dancing near a man in a tan jacket among a crowd on the street.
Answer sentence: among a crowd on a street, a woman holding a coconut drink dances near a man in a tan jacket.

Decoded sentence: washington march playing in a washington with a american drum labeled washington and a.
Answer sentence: american soldiers play in a marching band with drums labeled fort lewis, washington.

Decoded sentence: amateur cooking and wearing white chef about to chop amateur with amateur cooking.
Answer sentence: amateur chef wearing a white cooking apron is about to chop a chicken with a butcher knife.

Decoded sentence: the red and red man and two men in red clothes are repairing on scaffolding doing a brick.
Answer sentence: along side a red brick building, two men in summer clothes are on a scaffold doing a window or door repair.

Decoded sentence: people check as each phone to check their man and a man sitting on the subway.
Answer sentence: all the people sitting on the subway are reading, except for one man who is checking his phone.

Decoded sentence: a skinny guy wearing a big skirt is standing on a motorcycle looking up to a skinny motorcycle.
Answer sentence: aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who 's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red motorcycle that crash

Decoded sentence: the baby seems to be after fun playing with the guitar and seem to be playing with their.
Answer sentence: after playing with her other toys, the baby decides that the guitar seems fun to play with as well.

Decoded sentence: a young man dressed in black and black shorts ready to catch in the same type gym gym.
Answer sentence: after being thrown in the air a young man dressed in a blue t-shirt and black shorts is getting ready to be caught by other young men in the same type of t-shirt and black shorts in a gym with softball championship banners hanging high in the background.

Decoded sentence: a african american child playing in the street in front of a yellow car.
Answer sentence: african american children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.

Decoded sentence: slatted children gather under a roof outdoors socializing.
Answer sentence: adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing

Decoded sentence: a black and white polka a man with black pants and black and white pants holding a microphone.
Answer sentence: adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: accuracy tied tying a accuracy.
Answer sentence: adjusting a tie for accuracy.

Decoded sentence: actors in costumes playing a stairway for a man with black hair and a black shirt sitting.
Answer sentence: actors in costumes rehearsing for a play, while a man with black hair and a white shirt sits on a stairway.

Decoded sentence: a oklahoma woman from a bank of tea and a woman enjoying the bank of a oklahoma bank.
Answer sentence: across from the bank of oklahoma, a woman enjoys the scent of her tea.

Decoded sentence: a dark complected dark hands of a man standing with his hand raised about to the air.
Answer sentence: about 20 dark complected men standing with their backs towards us raising both hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: rodgers aaron a touchdown in the bay zone by a touchdown zone as rodgers rodgers aaron.
Answer sentence: aaron rodgers and another green bay packers teammate are celebrating a touchdown in an end zone.

Decoded sentence: zebra nibbles on grass.
Answer sentence: a zebra is nibbling on some grass.

Decoded sentence: a youth with long dirty hair and a denim jacket and jeans waiting at a conveyor checkout.
Answer sentence: a youth with long dirty blond-hair wearing a denim jacket and jeans looks at the conveyor belt of groceries while waiting at a checkout line.

Decoded sentence: nest youth standing and to a metal fence with a black fence on his mouth.
Answer sentence: a youth standing nest to a metal fence with a black shirt on and a cigarette in their mouth.

Decoded sentence: a younger man and younger woman running on a treadmill next to each other.
Answer sentence: a younger woman and older man are running on treadmills next to each other.

Decoded sentence: two younger men with mouths are holding up two younger men are having a bottle.
Answer sentence: a younger man with a fedora has two empty bottles held up to his mouth.

Decoded sentence: cashews looking stands behind the counter of a israeli shop that is selling israeli cigarettes.
Answer sentence: a younger looking man stands behind the counter of an israeli shop that sells cigarettes and cashews.

Decoded sentence: a young girl jumps on the air and jumps in the air.
Answer sentence: a young, long-haired, girl on the beach, is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a professional hat and holding a camera.
Answer sentence: a young, backwards hat wearing, boy holding a professional camera.

Decoded sentence: the hispanic hispanic woman wearing a large sundress is walking outside near a large tree.
Answer sentence: a young, hispanic woman wearing a sundress is walking outside near a large fountain and palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a young woman dressed in blue and blue costume is participating in a dance competition.
Answer sentence: a young women, dressed in a dark blue dance costume is participating in a cheer competition.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a black coat and coat is sitting with laundry in his lap mat.
Answer sentence: a young woman, wearing a black coat and sitting with a book in her lap, is reading a map, in a laundry mat.

Decoded sentence: scantily dressed women dressed barefoot wearing red bandanna on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman, scantily dressed and wearing a red bandanna, is dancing barefoot on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with long striped hair and jeans jumps in midair on a tree with trees in.
Answer sentence: a young woman with short blond-hair wearing jeans and a striped long-sleeved sweater jumping in midair on a skateboard with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: q woman with red hair in front of eyeshadow with eyeshadow in front of her.
Answer sentence: a young woman with red highlights in her hair is applying eyeshadow with a q-tip in front of a mirror.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with a purple nike nike hoop and a blue nike nike hoop.
Answer sentence: a young woman with purple dreads hula-hoops while wearing furry purple leg-warmers and hot blue nikes.

Decoded sentence: powder woman with dark hair and a white cake on a cake.
Answer sentence: a young woman with dark hair and wearing glasses is putting white powder on a cake using a sifter.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with black jeans and a black tank top is walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blue jeans and a black tank top is walking down the sidewalk screaming and clutching her chest.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with shorts and a blue jean jean shorts prepares food for a barbecue.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blond-hair, wearing a short-sleeve gray shirt and blue jean shorts, prepares food for a barbecue.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with sandals shaving in a stone building and sandals shaving past a stone.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with a ponytail climbing a white stone structure.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure.

Decoded sentence: a young woman is climbing a creek and climbing a creek near a creek.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and a young woman from a bottle bottle in an outdoor setting.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and several necklaces drinks from a bottle of water in an outdoor setting.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a blue sheet while the little.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a white sheet while a little girl in pigtails writes on it with a marker.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a blue dress with a blue towel in his lap and has a towel in his.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a white dress with a blue towel in her lap is having her hair dried by another woman used a hair dryer.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with short orange and blue shoes on top and two large blue shoes running.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a short, orange tank top, short blue bottoms and pink athletic shoes with a large name tag on her front that says `` sarah '' is running down a street past spectators and two portable toilets.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a pink shirt and blue skirt standing in the doorway of a concrete.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a red shirt and reddish pink skirt standing in the doorway of an old blue concrete building.

Decoded sentence: textiles wearing gray shawls and textiles working outside on a creating textiles.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a gray shawl is sitting outside working on creating textile.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a colorful plaid shirt and a plaid skirt is standing barefoot in.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a colorful headscarf, plaid shirt and skirt stands barefoot in front of a plantation, holding a sample of leaves in her hand.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a blue coat and a brown coat riding ready to ride a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue coat and brown leggings getting ready to walk into a building, after riding her bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a blue button shirt and a white button over a microphone in his right.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue button shirt over a white shirt holds a microphone in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a black tank top standing in a crowd while listening to music on.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black tank top is listening to music on her mp3 player while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a red and black striped shirt standing across the stage of a stage.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.

Decoded sentence: a young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool

Decoded sentence: a young woman walking by a door door.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking by a rolling door.

Decoded sentence: a young woman walking along in front of a young woman in a area.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: mirthlessly women and older man are looking indoors at target indoors.
Answer sentence: a young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range, as an older man looks on mirthlessly.

Decoded sentence: hayfield women seated in a bunch seat and blowing from a bunch of freshly seeds.
Answer sentence: a young woman seated in a freshly mown hayfield is blowing seeds from a bunch of dandelions.

Decoded sentence: sway women playing on a swing set set in the background.
Answer sentence: a young woman plays on a swing set while trees sway in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young man on a boat in a straw bikini hat kicking a light colored boat.
Answer sentence: a young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat.

Decoded sentence: the young woman and woman are getting ready for the intense match.
Answer sentence: a young woman midair gets ready for an intense tennis match, her partner walks behind her.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a pot in a flowered apron while standing by a pot pot wearing a flowered.
Answer sentence: a young woman is stirring something in a pot while a young boy wearing a flowered apron stands by her.

Decoded sentence: a young woman sitting on a outdoor steps playing a white toddler in front of a accordion.
Answer sentence: a young woman is sitting on outdoor steps while playing a white accordion in front of a toddler.

Decoded sentence: a young woman playing a pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: a young woman dressed in pink beads and a lot of beer and a pink lot.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drinking a beer while dressing in a pageant costume which includes lots of pink feathers and beads.

Decoded sentence: sharpie women drawing with marker and marker.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drawing with a sharpie marker.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a hallway clothing vacuuming a hallway with a small vacuum.
Answer sentence: a young woman in relaxed clothing vacuuming hallway with small vacuum.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in black is standing in front of a wall with a right and a woman in a right.
Answer sentence: a young woman in black is standing in front of a wall with writing, she is holding something in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a yellow bathing suit laying on a surfboard while the young woman is observing.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a yellow bathing suit laying on a surfboard observes a surfing lesson.

Decoded sentence: people in white shirts and glasses talking to a glass of people.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and glasses talks to a group of people.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and black pants holding a young woman sitting at a table.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and black pants holding a top hat entertaining some people sitting at a table

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a white dress and sandals is sitting on the steps with a large red handbag.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white dress and sandals sits on the steps with a large red handbag beside her.

Decoded sentence: a young woman watches as a turquoise bikini in a turquoise bikini is attempting to hit.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a turquoise, green and white bikini is attempting to hit a volleyball as several onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a tank top and sunglasses is playing on top of a woman playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a tank top, shorts, and sunglasses is playing a guitar will seated on the ground.

Decoded sentence: sequined woman in red costume standing on sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a pink dress and a pink hat holding a feathered necklace.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a green dress, a feathered necklace and a pink feathered hat holding an orange vase

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a dress is posing on a golden chair.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a dress is posing on a golden chair.

Decoded sentence: three women in blue uniforms take a digital photograph while three older women look on.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a blue uniform takes digital photographs while three older woman look on.

Decoded sentence: ponchos draped in blue blouse and blue jeans and a blue lady standing around a first cut.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a black blouse, blue jeans, and sandals is standing behind another young woman who is seated with a red poncho draped around her as the first young lady cuts her hair.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a bikini holding a bottle kicking around a bottle in a straw hat.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a bikini holding a bottle is goofing around and kicking a man in a straw hat.

Decoded sentence: a young woman getting a haircut.
Answer sentence: a young woman getting her haircut.

Decoded sentence: three young women wearing traditional clothes and textiles as they are spinning pictures.
Answer sentence: a young woman and older woman wear traditional saris as they spin textiles, three people are pictured at only the waists, and wear modern clothes.

Decoded sentence: a young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a mountain.
Answer sentence: a young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide.

Decoded sentence: a young black boy with a black and white hat and orange sitting next to a large white ball.
Answer sentence: a young white boy with an orange shirt and white and black hat sitting next to a black steel ball in a large field.

Decoded sentence: a young toddler sitting in a bathtub block with a yellow toy with a yellow toy.
Answer sentence: a young toddler is playing with a dinosaur toy and a yellow block while sitting in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: a young teen performing a trick flip at a construction site to catch in midair.
Answer sentence: a young teen performing a skateboard trick at a construction site caught in midair flipping his board.

Decoded sentence: potential students gaze gaze from a young teacher while the young woman gazes behind them.
Answer sentence: a young student receives fencing instruction from his kneeling teacher while a potential opponent and a woman gaze behind them.

Decoded sentence: a young shirtless boy is laying on a couch with his eyes closed and his eyes on his chest.
Answer sentence: a young shirtless boy is laying on a couch with his eyes closed and his hand on his chest.

Decoded sentence: a young polo player wearing orange jersey riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a young polo player wearing an orange jersey riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: a young person wearing a pink swimming swimsuit about to complete a piece swimming into.
Answer sentence: a young person wearing a pink one-piece swimsuit and goggles about to complete a leap into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: a young person in black pants and a brown pants is using a mobile device on a mobile sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young woman in a gray shirt and shirt is standing beside a person who is slicing a watermelon.
Answer sentence: a young person in a gray t-shirt stands beside an older woman handing out a slice of watermelon.

Decoded sentence: street young young balcony from the city.
Answer sentence: a young overlooks a city street from a balcony.

Decoded sentence: a oriental oriental woman sitting amongst a belongings.
Answer sentence: a young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings.

Decoded sentence: a young musicians sitting in a white plastic chair playing a small guitar.
Answer sentence: a young musician playing a small guitar and singing, while sitting in a white plastic chair.

Decoded sentence: a young baby and a baby walking along the street.
Answer sentence: a young mother and her baby walk along a street.

Decoded sentence: billowy 9 with red hair line up and ball shot on a table line.
Answer sentence: a young man, with billowy red-hair, lines up his shot of the 9 ball on a pool table.

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a red baseball cap and cap is hanging with a candid candid candid pen.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a red baseball cap backwards with a pen hanging from it, looks ahead with a candid expression.

Decoded sentence: the young man wearing a gray jacket is looking at the statue of the statue of a museum.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a gray jacket, is in a museum looking at a statue of a lizard and putting his face with his tongue stuck out into the lizard 's mouth.

Decoded sentence: a young man with no shirt on and black sneakers is jumping over a blue and sneakers.
Answer sentence: a young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a young man with a motorcycle standing next to a black motorcycle and a water jug next.
Answer sentence: a young man with a v-neck considers a water jug while standing next to a black motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a young man with a dirty tattoo on a kitchen forearm holding a cigarette and a young man.
Answer sentence: a young man with a script tattoo on his right forearm smokes a cigarette and holds a rolling pin while standing in a dirty, compact kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a young man with a leather jacket walking by a cart that has trouble and seems like trouble.
Answer sentence: a young man with a leather jacket walking by a man who seems like having trouble with his poorly constructed shopping cart.

Decoded sentence: people wearing minimal clothing walk along a sidewalk amidst a young man.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing minimal clothing walks along the sidewalk amidst children and other people.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a white shirt and a guitar playing on stage with his electric.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white shirt is on a stage with a drummer, and the boy is playing an electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: people wearing green shirts and backpacks waiting with backpacks for people.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a green t-shirt and a backpack is waiting with some other people for transportation.

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a baseball cap at the base of a statue of jesus and jesus.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a baseball cap brushes at the base of a statue of jesus christ, during the day.

Decoded sentence: a young man traveling on a bus with flowers in his hand.
Answer sentence: a young man traveling on bus with a piece of flower in his hands.

Decoded sentence: a young man taking a picture of a young man and a young man.
Answer sentence: a young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors.

Decoded sentence: dispenser men stand on the sidewalk between a newspaper between a newspaper and a newspaper.
Answer sentence: a young man stands on a sidewalk between a newspaper dispenser and a trashcan, with a bus in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young man standing in front of a red car and taking a photo of a red freight car.
Answer sentence: a young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo.

Decoded sentence: a young man sitting on a sidewalk playing a guitar and a guitar.
Answer sentence: a young man sitting by a dumpster on a sidewalk playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: a young man is sitting with a dog outside.
Answer sentence: a young man sits with a dog outside.

Decoded sentence: a young girl shaving his face while the man behind him is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a young man shaves his face, while a girl behind him takes a picture in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: a young man is running with a bungee helmet and goggles on running as he young goggles.
Answer sentence: a young man runs with goggles above his eyes and a bungee cord tethered to him as a man on a bicycle with a white helmet laughs.

Decoded sentence: a young man preparing food with a diner in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man preparing food with diners in the background

Decoded sentence: a young man posing with a stick and looking at the camera.
Answer sentence: a young man poses with a stick and looks at the camera.

Decoded sentence: nine men are playing billiards the nine ball ball for the nine.
Answer sentence: a young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball.

Decoded sentence: a young man performing a bicycle platform on a very small bicycle while performing him.
Answer sentence: a young man performing a bicycle stunt on a very small platform, while another is spotting him.

Decoded sentence: a young man lifting a lid to the lid.
Answer sentence: a young man lifting the lid to a dumpster.

Decoded sentence: a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.
Answer sentence: a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.

Decoded sentence: a young man jumping a skateboard in a skate park with the ocean in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young man 's head looking at a beach ' head while a young man in the background looks.
Answer sentence: a young man is ' heading ' a ball while on the beach, another young man, in the background, looks at him.

Decoded sentence: a young man taking a bag on the street of a street while taking up to the street.
Answer sentence: a young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.

Decoded sentence: casserole men standing in a kitchen holding large dishes.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish.

Decoded sentence: a young man is standing in front of a small tree cafe with a pink flowers in front of a.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in front of the candy cafe with a small tree with pink flowers in the front of the building.

Decoded sentence: a young man sitting next to a ornate building with a ornate backpack and a backpack sitting.
Answer sentence: a young man is sitting next to the ornate building wall with the backpack on the ground and hiding his face in his hands.

Decoded sentence: a young man shoots a pool.
Answer sentence: a young man is shooting pool.

Decoded sentence: three women are presenting a cake with candles and candles on top.
Answer sentence: a young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top.

Decoded sentence: mansion men sit for trees on a grassy field looking for a large tree with trees in the.
Answer sentence: a young man is looking for a ride on a country road, sitting on a grassy field with a large tree and mansion in the background.

Decoded sentence: people skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young man taking a picture of a sport in front of a sports asian cap and a child walking.
Answer sentence: a young man is having his picture taken in front of a picture of an asian sports team, while a child walks in a ball cap walks in front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: a young man gets haircut with a haircut draped across his shoulder.
Answer sentence: a young man is getting his haircut by another man with a towel draped across his shoulders.

Decoded sentence: two men taking a skateboard trick and another guy is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a young man is doing a skateboarding trick while two guys take pictures and another is riding a scooter.

Decoded sentence: a young man crossing the urban street at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a young man is crossing an urban street at the crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: a young man in yellow pants is engaged with a large yellow audience in a audience.
Answer sentence: a young man in yellow pants is engaging in physical activity with a large audience watching.

Decoded sentence: a young man in uniform is standing with his back case that has a bust case on top of the.
Answer sentence: a young man in uniform is standing with his back to a museum case that has a classical bust on the top shelf.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a jacket is raising his hand with his hand on the ground and the other young.
Answer sentence: a young man in sneakers and a red jacket is posing with one hand on the ground and the other raised in the air.

Decoded sentence: a young man in shorts and a lot of garbage shorts are carrying garbage bags out of an empty.
Answer sentence: a young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag out of an empty lot with another man following him.

Decoded sentence: a young man in blue jeans and a blue on the pavement is lined on a line lined with palm.
Answer sentence: a young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a young man in all black sitting on a sidewalk with all onlookers running in the grass.
Answer sentence: a young man in all black running in a race on a sidewalk with onlookers sitting in grass behind him.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a wall with his legs wrapped around a young.
Answer sentence: a young man in a white shirt is sitting on a wall with his legs wrapped around a young girl, with their motorcycle helmets on the wall behind him.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a tank top looking back at a fountain near a fountain.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tank top looking back at a woman near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: a young man peers over a live wall high separated by a live wall high separated by the.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a suit standing out from a crowd at the art appears to be art.
Answer sentence: a young man in a suit standing out from the crowd, at what appears to be an art exhibition.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a subway walking.
Answer sentence: a young man in a subway walking.

Decoded sentence: levi workers in a striped hoodie are looking at levi 's hoodie that says all young workers.
Answer sentence: a young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic levi 's advertisement that says `` we are all workers. ''

Decoded sentence: a young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at the bowling.
Answer sentence: a young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a park setting is making a slam dunk on a basketball hoop.
Answer sentence: a young man in a park setting has just made a slam dunk on a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a green shirt is crossing the guitar.
Answer sentence: a young man in a green t-shirt strums his guitar while sitting cross-legged on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a young man in colorful costume singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a blue cap and blue cap has ready to go ready to go.
Answer sentence: a young man in a brown shirt and cap has a blue and red cooler ready to go.

Decoded sentence: three men and a young man are cleaning fish in matching blue sweater or one man is cleaning.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch, one a man a cigarette, or match in his month.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a blue shirt eating a hotdog.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a black shirt is playing a croquet with inflatable mallet.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black t-shirt plays croquet with an inflatable mallet.

Decoded sentence: a young man in a black shirt and name pointing on a giant machine looking at giant giant.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black shirt is looking at and pointing to a message on a giant machine bearing the brand name `` blackberry. ''

Decoded sentence: a young man holding up a piece of wood as he holds up a cigarette as the woods is pressing.
Answer sentence: a young man holds up a piece of wood and a chainsaw as presses a cigarette between his lips.

Decoded sentence: two girls are holding white pipes with their mouths on the sidewalk with two men holding.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a white pipe against his mouth on a sidewalk with two girls sitting on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young man holding a green balloon is holding like a man in front of a large stone building.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a green balloon shaped like a star in front of a large stone building.

Decoded sentence: a young man getting ready to hit the with his bat with his purple bat.
Answer sentence: a young man getting ready to hit a can with a orange and purple bat.

Decoded sentence: six men and a young girl are looking up on a pack and look flips on the background.
Answer sentence: a young man flips up a welders ' mask as a young girl looks on, a six-pack, barbecue, and chalk message in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and red life trunks waterskiing in a lake.
Answer sentence: a young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake.

Decoded sentence: a young man is doing a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.
Answer sentence: a young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.

Decoded sentence: a young man standing in a big alley carrying a bag of clothing and talking on the cellphone.
Answer sentence: a young man carrying a big bag of clothing is standing in an alley and talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: tricky young man skateboarding maneuver on a park covered wall in graffiti.
Answer sentence: a young man attempts a tricky maneuver on his skateboard along a graffiti-covered wall in a park.

Decoded sentence: a young man playing in a table 's food and eating food at a table.
Answer sentence: a young man and woman dressed in play chef 's hats are eating food at a table.

Decoded sentence: a young man and a old man are walking along the sidewalk next to a wall with graffiti on.
Answer sentence: a young man and an old woman are walking along a sidewalk next to a wall with graffiti on it.

Decoded sentence: a young boy and a younger boy are sitting on the floor decorated with christmas presents.
Answer sentence: a young man and a much younger boy are sitting on the floor, opening a present, with a decorated christmas tree in the background.

Decoded sentence: travelers wearing red shirts and black pants perform a dance terminal in a techniques station.
Answer sentence: a young male wearing a red shirt and black pants is performing a dance technique in a terminal station for travelers.

Decoded sentence: extra extra water dumping out of a small water.
Answer sentence: a young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.

Decoded sentence: a young male with curly hair is hiding behind a cardboard box vendor in a cardboard box.
Answer sentence: a young male child with curly brown hair, hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor 's market.

Decoded sentence: a young male child floats on a rock boat between a bright blue boat and a bright green.
Answer sentence: a young male child is floating on a makeshift boat upon a bright blue lake with rocks and light green grasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young lady with brown hair reads a paper while a lady reads to his hair next to a paper.
Answer sentence: a young lady with brown hair is reading a compass while the man next to her points to a paper.

Decoded sentence: two women with umbrellas walk by two ladies and two ladies walk by a adorable adorable.
Answer sentence: a young lady with an umbrella is walking by while two women are adoring the adorable puppy one gentleman was walking.

Decoded sentence: a young lady dressed in black top with a blue leotard dancing with a blue dance.
Answer sentence: a young lady is dressed in a blue top with black leotards and is in a dance pose.

Decoded sentence: sysco lady sitting in a stroller in front of a stroller on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young lady is being videotaped while she 's sitting in her stroller in front of a sysco truck on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young lady crying is making a sad while she is making crying and it.
Answer sentence: a young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.

Decoded sentence: joyous young kids smiling.
Answer sentence: a young kid smiling, looking joyous.

Decoded sentence: a young kid in a yellow sweater and dark green pants is skiing over the grass and skiing.
Answer sentence: a young kid in a dark blue sweater and yellow pants is skiing over ice that is on top of green grass.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a red shirt and a young girl with a animal painted face and a animal.
Answer sentence: a young girl, wearing a red shirt and with an animal painted face, painting her own picture.

Decoded sentence: a hispanic girl is standing in a outdoor window surrounded by plants open clothes and outdoor.
Answer sentence: a young girl, of perhaps hispanic descent, is standing in an open window surrounded by clothes and outdoor plants.

Decoded sentence: greed girl on feet in a glass hoodie with a girl watching young hair.
Answer sentence: a young girl with red-hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with brown hair and a light brown hair is helping a young girl with an open.
Answer sentence: a young girl with light brown hair is opening a present with the help of an older boy with darker brown hair.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a blond hair on a small sand with a girl on the beach with the ocean.
Answer sentence: a young girl with blond-hair is digging in the sand with a small scoop on the beach with the ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a big colored clothing and prepares food in a narrow alley.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big smile, wearing brightly colored clothing helps prepare food in a narrow alley.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with black and white coat is jumping by a big tree surrounded by pine trees.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big black coat jumping, surrounded by white snow and a mountain covered in pine trees.

Decoded sentence: a young girl sitting on a giant pot surrounded by flowers and surrounded by giant flowers.
Answer sentence: a young girl who is sitting on a giant orange pumpkin and is surrounded by pots of flowers smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a butterfly costume.
Answer sentence: a young girl wears a butterfly costume.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a white straw straw from a drink from his jumper.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a white jumper drinks from a straw while other girls congregate behind her.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a yellow and white dress with a yellow crown and making a yellow roses.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a pink and white dress with a crown of pink and yellow roses makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a multicolored ball walking in a multicolored grass holding a bright.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house

Decoded sentence: aviation girls wearing blue dresses and light yellow shirts sit in the steps of a light.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a light blue dress and a young boy wearing navy pants and a yellow shirt walk up the steps to the cockpit of an airplane sitting in the field of an aviation museum.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a helmet riding a brown horse.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a bikini in a innertube.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.

Decoded sentence: handmade girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by handmade fabric like fabric.
Answer sentence: a young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by what looks like handmade fabrics and bags.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is sitting on the edge of a sink.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on the edge of a sink.

Decoded sentence: a young girl sitting on a rock overlooking a large field.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field.

Decoded sentence: biscuits girls serving a girl to a elderly girl.
Answer sentence: a young girl serving biscuits to an elderly man.

Decoded sentence: a young girl on a bike in the underwear.
Answer sentence: a young girl on her bike in her underwear

Decoded sentence: a young girl jumping off a concrete block with his head in the air above his head.
Answer sentence: a young girl jumping off a concrete block, with her arms and hands in the air, above her head.

Decoded sentence: a young girl wearing a red coat and has a young girl in his mouth.
Answer sentence: a young girl is wearing a red coat and has her finger in her mouth.

Decoded sentence: a young girl walks through a grassy pasture.
Answer sentence: a young girl is walking through a grassy pasture.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is swinging in a backyard.
Answer sentence: a young girl is swinging in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: a young girl smiles in front of the camera at a park.
Answer sentence: a young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park.

Decoded sentence: a young girl plays outside a house.
Answer sentence: a young girl is playing outside her house.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is lying on a dirt cart and a man lying on a dirt cart on a dirt route.
Answer sentence: a young girl is lying on some personal belongings, on a cart that is dragged by a horse and a man, on a dirt route.

Decoded sentence: a young girl laying in the grass posing for the camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera

Decoded sentence: a young girl and a young girl on the side side of a road.
Answer sentence: a young girl is drawing a hopscotch game on the side of a road while other children are watching.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in sunglasses and sunglasses in the camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl in sunglasses, poses for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in pink pants with a pink polka sits in a lush forest.
Answer sentence: a young girl in pink pants with white polka dots is studying something in her hand as she sits in a lush forest.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in dark tank top and a blue tank cone running near a young tape tape.
Answer sentence: a young girl in dark shorts and a blue tank top runs on the grass near an orange cone and tape.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a orange bathing suit is playing on the shore of a beach.
Answer sentence: a young girl in an orange bathing suit plays on the beach 's shore.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a yellow baseball stage dancing on a field with a yellow baseball in the.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a yellow dance, dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a red shirt and gray pants leaning over a kitchen counter.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a red shirt and gray pants is leaning over a kitchen counter laughing.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a pink dress is standing on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a green shirt and short shorts riding a bike out past a very apartment.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a green shirt and shorts out riding her bike past a very nice apartment building.

Decoded sentence: a young girl in a blue shirt and black helmet is sitting on a handlebars outside with his.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a black shirt and a blue helmet is sitting on a quad, or four wheeler, with her right hand on the handlebars.

Decoded sentence: a young girl holding a younger boy and a younger girl is holding a younger boy in a public.
Answer sentence: a young girl holds a younger boy, possibly her brother, surrounded by adults, in a public place.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is hanging from the basketball beams of a basketball hoop.
Answer sentence: a young girl hangs from the mounting beam of a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: a young girl peers on the back of water and over a life jacket over a girl.
Answer sentence: a young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket.

Decoded sentence: a young girl dressed with white scarf and she is posing next to a fire in a fire.
Answer sentence: a young girl dressed in white with a pink scarf smiles as she poses next to a fire in a chimney.

Decoded sentence: a young girl is doing a handstand on a bed with a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: a young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets.

Decoded sentence: a young girl dancing in front of a very hot city building wearing bright pink clothes and.
Answer sentence: a young girl dancing in front of a city building wearing very bright clothes and hot pink socks

Decoded sentence: a young girl and an older man are checking out at a food store.
Answer sentence: a young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store.

Decoded sentence: a young girl and a young girl standing in a river next to a tree and fallen trees.
Answer sentence: a young girl and a dog standing in a river next to a fallen tree, both looking in the same direction.

Decoded sentence: a young gentleman with blue blue tied into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a young fighters practicing a punch with one of his peers.
Answer sentence: a young fighter is practicing his punches with one of his peers.

Decoded sentence: a young female wearing a uniform and a softball softball ball into the air.
Answer sentence: a young female wearing a softball uniform and glove jumps into the air while holding a ball.

Decoded sentence: a young female swimmers ready to block off a block.
Answer sentence: a young female swimmer is getting ready to jump off the block.

Decoded sentence: a young female sitting in a chair on the beach reading with his feet in the sand.
Answer sentence: a young female is sitting in a chair on the beach, while reading a book with her feet in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a young female in a green tank top and a young female standing by a track in the middle.
Answer sentence: a young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: a young female basketball player in a red and white dress in a maroon dress is blocking.
Answer sentence: a young female basketball player in red and white blocks another in possession of the ball who is dressed in white and maroon.

Decoded sentence: young african american female sitting on a swing with his arms holding his arms on the.
Answer sentence: a young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing.

Decoded sentence: a young female woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron gets a haircut.
Answer sentence: a young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.

Decoded sentence: a young boy playing a horse at a playground and the playground.
Answer sentence: a young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.

Decoded sentence: the young black boy wearing a yellow and white checkered clothing is playing with a yellow.
Answer sentence: a young dark-haired boy wearing black and white checkered clothing is playing with a yellow toy boat in the shallow waters of a beach.

Decoded sentence: two young workers in hard hats and hats stand by a large hammer that is utilizing air and.
Answer sentence: a young construction worker in a hard hat utilizes a air hammer to break up large boulders while two of his co workers stand by.

Decoded sentence: a young child on a pool is diving into the pool and casting a arm.
Answer sentence: a young child, who has a cast on her arm, is diving into a pool.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing a green shirt and orange hat blowing up a balloon.
Answer sentence: a young child, wearing a blue shirt and green hat, is blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: foldaway children with brown hair and brown eyes sit in a sidewalk on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young child with brown curly hair and brown eyes sits in a foldaway chair on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young child with a yellow hair and boots is playing with a shovel and a young child and.
Answer sentence: a young child with blond-hair and yellow boots plays with a shovel, rocks and a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing blue pants and a blue hat and a blue piece stand on top of a circle.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing green shoes, red pants, a blue shirt, and a blue hat stands on top of a circle that is on a cracked piece of concrete.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing a floral dress with a baby and a white skirt with a backpack on the.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing an overall dress with a floral patterned skirt and a white t-shirt pets a baby deer with a backpack on her back.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing a yellow striped shirt and blue shorts is playing a rock along side.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a yellow striped t-shirt and blue shorts is playing along side the lake and rocks.

Decoded sentence: a young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals sitting on a red floor and playing with.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a young child using a sponge on front of a oven.
Answer sentence: a young child using a sponge on the front of an oven.

Decoded sentence: a young child splashing in the water.
Answer sentence: a young child splashing in water.

Decoded sentence: a young child rides a motorbike through the mud.
Answer sentence: a young child rides a motorbike through the mud.

Decoded sentence: a young child laying with a toy while laying on the floor.
Answer sentence: a young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a young child leading a large shore on the shore.
Answer sentence: a young child leads a large dog on the shore.

Decoded sentence: a young child jumping on a bed while a man looks to jump.
Answer sentence: a young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way.

Decoded sentence: a young child sitting at a table inside a restaurant with a paper written written on the.
Answer sentence: a young child is sitting at a table inside a restaurant and is writing on a piece of paper with a pen.

Decoded sentence: a young child plays in a water tank with water.
Answer sentence: a young child is playing in a water tank with toys.

Decoded sentence: a young child petting a animal.
Answer sentence: a young child is petting an animal.

Decoded sentence: a young child is holding onto the back of wicker back.
Answer sentence: a young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.

Decoded sentence: the happy mother and child are smiling at she she.
Answer sentence: a young child is happy because her mother is smiling at her.

Decoded sentence: a young child is filling a bucket of water from a faucet.
Answer sentence: a young child is filling a bucket of water from a faucet.

Decoded sentence: a young child in green jeans and blue jeans riding a bike on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young child in green shoes, blue jeans, and purple jacket rides a bike on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a young child in a yellow jacket and pink boots walks away through a icy icy puddle accompanied.
Answer sentence: a young child in a yellow jacket, pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle, accompanied by her dog.

Decoded sentence: a young child in a striped sweatshirt is brushing his hair of children and brush.
Answer sentence: a young child in a striped sweatshirt brushes the hair of a younger child.

Decoded sentence: there are stem children in red shirts and grass chewing horses in the background.
Answer sentence: a young child in a red shirt is chewing a stem of grass and there is a horse in the background.

Decoded sentence: the young child is in the water with a blue and white hat is playing near a blue and white.
Answer sentence: a young child in a green shirt and a fisherman type hat near the water playing with a blue and white ball.

Decoded sentence: a young child holding a flag balloon while holding a flag balloon in a parade.
Answer sentence: a young child holds an american flag and balloons while watching a truck go by in a parade.

Decoded sentence: a young child holding his hands with a woman past a painted wall with a number painted.
Answer sentence: a young child holding hands with a woman and the walk past a wall with the number 93 painted on it.

Decoded sentence: a young child holding flowers to the nose.
Answer sentence: a young child holding a flower to her nose

Decoded sentence: a young child dressed in blue and blue plaid shirt is sitting and staring out at the water.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed in a yellow plaid shirt and a blue hat, sits and stares out at the water.

Decoded sentence: the young child dressed as the red hooded hood.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed as little red riding hood.

Decoded sentence: a young woman hugging by a child with brown hair light.
Answer sentence: a young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair.

Decoded sentence: finch brunette wearing black and black pants and floral pants attached to a bike.
Answer sentence: a young brunette wearing purple and black floral stretch pants is attaching her bike to a finch.

Decoded sentence: a young brunette in a blue striped shirt and denim jeans tossing a young male on a basketball.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male in a striped blue shirt and denim jeans, tossing a basketball on a basketball court.

Decoded sentence: a young brunette girl is comforting a red jacket in a red jacket.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male comforting a young girl in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a young woman playing a guitar and guitar into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young brown-haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a suspenders a piece of metal on a piece of metal and a metal boy is.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing shorts and a red tank top riding down a mountain slide on a mountain.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing shorts and a red tank top, is sliding down a mountain of snow, riding a board on his belly.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a orange shirt and a bag standing outside from a bag and mulch.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a dark blue sports uniform is standing in the middle of a sports sports.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing a red sports uniform, stands in the middle of an empty sports field under a dark blue sky.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing shorts and a black jersey and playing soccer while playing soccer in.
Answer sentence: a young boy, playing soccer, is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands.

Decoded sentence: gee dressed in yellow and yellow dresses stand ready to defend the gym inside the gym.
Answer sentence: a young boy, dressed in a karate gee and wearing a yellow belt, stands ready to defend himself inside a gym.

Decoded sentence: the young boy and the young boy are leaping into the water on a rocky shoreline.
Answer sentence: a young boy, arms and legs splayed wide, is leaping into the water on a rocky shoreline.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with long brown hair behind a long box peering with a long box of vegetables.
Answer sentence: a young boy with long brown hair hides behind a cardboard box, peering over the top of the box in an area with green crates of fruits and vegetables.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with flowers on his face and a young boy in a striped shirt and overalls facing.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with overalls on the camera is smiling and he is having a bowl on the camera.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with dark hair leaning out of the window of a white bus with a white bus.
Answer sentence: a young boy with dark hair and skin leaning out of a window of a white bus with green and orange stripes.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with long black hair and an older man is working with a long lawn tied while.
Answer sentence: a young boy with black hair and tie-dyed shirt and jeans and an older man balding with a long-sleeved dark shirt and jeans working on lawn equipment.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with an orange shirt on a bike is looking at a overturned set of overturned.
Answer sentence: a young boy with an orange shirt on is looking at a tool set with an overturned bike at his side.

Decoded sentence: the young boy is wearing midair and and a white shirt is reading midair.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing white and a shirt reading `` 85 '' is in midair, doing a martial arts kick.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across a rock next to a beach.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across rocks next to a beach.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a rubber checkered shirt and a yellow guard is lying down on a metal.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing rubber boots dark shorts and a checkered shirt is lying down sleeping on stacks of yellow metal guard rails.

Decoded sentence: viewfinders wearing blue tank top and blue shorts looks through a camera on top of viewfinders.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing black pants at a computer screen looking at a computer screen.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing black pants and a pinstriped shirt looks at something on a computer screen.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a yellow belt and white pants and a yellow boy standing on the right.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white tunic, white pants, and a yellow belt is standing on his left leg with his right leg extended in a karate pose.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a red print shirt and a white print shirt holding a book.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white shirt with `` frog ! '' printed in red, turns the pages of a book he is holding.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a tropical shirt and tropical oven.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a tropical shirt scrubs his oven clean.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a red winter coat holding up a young bar.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants is wearing a tan dryer around a washer dryer.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a red scarf around his head written around with free written on the.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a red bandanna and has a red bandanna with free painted in the face.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red bandanna is having his face painted with `` free b ... '' in red letters.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a gray sweater and blue jeans young boots.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a gray sweater, blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a dark blue jacket and blue jacket is kneeling by a metal fence in.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a dark blue jacket and hat is holding a gold and white dog in his arms and kneeling by a metal fence in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a blue coat and blue coat carefully carefully at the flower arrangement.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue winter coat and hat, is looking carefully at flower arrangements.

Decoded sentence: inspection boy wearing blue shirt holding up a odd object standing by a tree.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a black shirt and black pants has a large black boy on top and his.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a black shirt, brown pants and a black watch has his hand on a white folded chair which is on the top of a large stack of similar folding chairs.

Decoded sentence: rash wearing bathing suits and a young boy wearing bathing suits run up into the shore.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a bathing suit and rash guard runs into the ocean as the waves bubble up on the shore.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a baseball jersey and a incoming baseball bat at a incoming pitch.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a giants jersey swings a baseball bat at an incoming pitch.

Decoded sentence: a young boy admiring a shop in a downtown center at the downtown center.
Answer sentence: a young boy watching and admiring puppets in a puppet shop at the downtown convention center.

Decoded sentence: a young boy walks with a bucket on top of his head.
Answer sentence: a young boy walks with a bucket on top of his head.

Decoded sentence: a young boy throwing a ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy throwing a ball.

Decoded sentence: a young boy and a baseball game swings onward in the bleachers.
Answer sentence: a young boy swings a baseball bat at a baseball game while adults look onward in the bleachers.

Decoded sentence: a young boy swinging upside down from the bar.
Answer sentence: a young boy swinging upside down from a bar.

Decoded sentence: a young boy standing in a chalkboard chalkboard with a dilapidated school and a young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background.

Decoded sentence: a young boy with a blue eyes sliding down a close close to a woman with sunglasses and.
Answer sentence: a young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches, smiling.

Decoded sentence: cot boy sleeping on a makeshift area in area.
Answer sentence: a young boy sleeps on a makeshift cot in a flooded area.

Decoded sentence: a young boy sitting and eating.
Answer sentence: a young boy sits while eating.

Decoded sentence: two boys sit alone in a dusty road while they sit alone to the dirt and the cattle holding.
Answer sentence: a young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother 's wagon down a dusty dirt road.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a blue swimsuit running barefoot.
Answer sentence: a young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit.

Decoded sentence: a young boy running with boogie board into the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy running with a boogie board into the water

Decoded sentence: a young boy is riding a bike down a snow road.
Answer sentence: a young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is pressing food into a plate of food.
Answer sentence: a young boy presses his face into his plate of food.

Decoded sentence: a young boy playing a video game in a restaurant restaurant.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays a video game in a mcdonald 's restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a young boy playing with a toy toy.
Answer sentence: a young boy playing with an improvised toy.

Decoded sentence: a young boy trying to fix a blue bike while adults fix.
Answer sentence: a young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.

Decoded sentence: a young boy wearing a tropical american origin is seated on a tropical container of a tropical.
Answer sentence: a young boy of latin american origins wearing shorts and seated on a matte on the ground seems to be unpacking a container of tropical fruits.

Decoded sentence: a young boy swimming in a swimming pool towards the water and a young boy in the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water.

Decoded sentence: a young boy jumping into a pool wearing goggles.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping into the pool wearing goggles.

Decoded sentence: a young boy jumping barefoot on a grassy trampoline in a grassy backyard.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping barefoot on a trampoline in his grassy backyard.

Decoded sentence: disappear boy seems on to be walking into the sea of a sea of green grass and a sea.
Answer sentence: a young boy is walking on what seems to be a chilly day, though the path he 's on seems to disappear into a sea of green grass.

Decoded sentence: a young boy using a vacuum cleaner.
Answer sentence: a young boy is using a vacuum cleaner.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is swimming in a underground pool next to a pool.
Answer sentence: a young boy is swimming in an underground pool right next to the 3.5 ft. sign.

Decoded sentence: a young boy standing in front of a basket that has a green basket in the supermarket and.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in front of a register often found in supermarkets, and a woman is handing him a green item from a shopping basket that has other items in it.

Decoded sentence: difficulties boy trying to make a project and is standing in a classroom making difficulties.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project, but having difficulties, while his classmates watch him.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is sitting on the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is sitting in a blue chair.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting in a blue chair.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is pushing a rubber toy around a toy pool.
Answer sentence: a young boy is pushing a toy atv around a rubber pool

Decoded sentence: people look at partially young boy and a young boy sitting across a table full from partially.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.

Decoded sentence: a young boy looking to touch a bike.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking and touching a bike

Decoded sentence: a young boy is kneeling on the white floor next to a orange cloth.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kneeling on a white floor next to an orange cloth.

Decoded sentence: a young boy is kicking a soccer ball from his opponent.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents.

Decoded sentence: a young boy jumping on the water spraying from the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground.

Decoded sentence: the young boy is hanging out with his stuff.
Answer sentence: a young boy is inside a couch cushion with stuffing hanging out.

Decoded sentence: a young boy asleep asleep on the the boy in the the boy is asleep on the young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a bright green trunks is holding a blue shovel and a shovel on the beach.
Answer sentence: a young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue pail and a bright green shovel on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: young boy holding a plastic bucket swimming on the shore of the ocean while a young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy in hawaiian style swim trunks holds a plastic bucket and shovel on the shore of the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a red shirt is placing a red tub in a checkered tub.
Answer sentence: a young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in blue is playing in the water at an outdoor fountain with an outdoor fountain.
Answer sentence: a young boy in blue trunks plays in the water at an outdoor fountain with a brick foundation.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a yellow shirt is jumping behind him with a young boy in a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow shirt is jumping in a grassy area with a younger boy, in a white shirt, standing behind him.

Decoded sentence: rash boy in yellow and yellow walks on the shore carrying a surfboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.

Decoded sentence: sweats boy in hat with audience on side and young boy with blue hat on side above a red.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a t-shirt, sweats and a red hat, skateboarding in a skateboard arena, with an audience on the side and blue skies above.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a swimming suit is sitting in the water.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a red and white shirt is squatting on the ground surrounded by bushes.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red and white shirt is squatting on the ground, surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: kit kit in red shirt playing with toy board circuit.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red `` u.s.a. '' t-shirt plays with a toy circuit board kit.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a green shirt is staring at a young boy in a green shirt and taking a green.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a green shirt wearing a blue harness stares at a white dog in a red harness while taking a walk.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a gray beanie is skateboarding off of a curb of a wall in a graffited area.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a gray beanie is flipping a skateboard off of a curb in an area with graffited walls.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a black jacket is running towards a woman with his arms outstretched.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a black jacket is running towards a woman with outstretched arms.

Decoded sentence: a young boy holding a laundry boy in a laundry room.
Answer sentence: a young boy holding a broom or mop in a laundry room.

Decoded sentence: the young boy enjoys the sun is enjoying the low sun.
Answer sentence: a young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon.

Decoded sentence: a young boy dressed in blue and white kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a young boy crawling under a barrier barrier.
Answer sentence: a young boy crawling under a police barrier.

Decoded sentence: a young boy casting a fishing line off the pier.
Answer sentence: a young boy casting his fishing line off a pier

Decoded sentence: a young boy on a porch around a porch grill and a young boy on a wooden grill.
Answer sentence: a young boy around the age of ten is cooking steaks on a grill outside on his wooden porch.

Decoded sentence: a young boy and a young boy ride down the dirt with a small tree ride around them.
Answer sentence: a young boy and a young girl ride a bicycle down a street, with dirt and small trees around them.

Decoded sentence: a young boy 2 construction workers looking out the window to the construction.
Answer sentence: a young boy and 2 women look out a window to construction workers.

Decoded sentence: ymca blond girl wearing glasses and a sweater with glasses and ymca watching her.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl wearing a ymca sweater looks into a telescope while another girl with glasses watches her.

Decoded sentence: a young blond girl holding a yellow haircut and getting her haircut in the yellow blouse.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb.

Decoded sentence: a young blond boy wearing a striped shirt attempting to lift a large patch from a pumpkin.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy wearing a striped shirt attempting to lift a large pumpkin from the pumpkin patch.

Decoded sentence: a young blond boy sliding down a red slide.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide.

Decoded sentence: people blond women wearing black and black shirts look around at the camera.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman wearing a black shirt and khaki hat looks at the camera, and other people are standing around on the sidewalk area behind her.

Decoded sentence: a young blond woman in a black outfit and black polka sitting in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman in a polka-dot outfit and black glasses sitting in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a young girl with a pink shirt on and a young girl jumping out high the feet with his tongue.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.

Decoded sentence: a young blond girl in a pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a crowd of a crowd in a.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a young blond boy rides a blue and white bicycle with a american flag on it.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.

Decoded sentence: a young blond boy holds a face in front of his face.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy holds a mallet in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: a young black man with two head guns pointing at his head.
Answer sentence: a young black man with two guns pointed at his head.

Decoded sentence: rattan barefoot boy holding a large pole sitting on a pole.
Answer sentence: a young barefoot boy is sitting on the earth while holding a large rattan pole.

Decoded sentence: sleepwear sleepwear wearing blue baby and sleeping in mouth.
Answer sentence: a young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a young baby about to be about to the baby next to his mother.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy is about to sneeze next to his mother.

Decoded sentence: a young baby wearing a shirt about to crying for a baby and i crying.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy crying while wearing a shirt that says `` i am the boss. ''

Decoded sentence: the young asian woman wearing long collared shorts and a gray shirt is sitting on a wooden.
Answer sentence: a young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench.

Decoded sentence: a young asian girl sliding down a outdoor pole on an outdoor playground.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.

Decoded sentence: the young adults are reading a book at the laundromat as he reads the book.
Answer sentence: a young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.

Decoded sentence: a young male wearing a black shirt and black pants on a modern balancing atop a modern.
Answer sentence: a young adult male, wearing a black shirt and black pants, balances on one leg atop modern architecture.

Decoded sentence: acrobats in costume waiting flames young costumes turn.
Answer sentence: a young acrobat in flame design costume waits for her turn to compete.

Decoded sentence: mormon young man walking with a downtown bike.
Answer sentence: a young mormon man walking with his bike downtown.

Decoded sentence: a young japanese man taking a picture after taking.
Answer sentence: a young japanese man does not like his picture taken.

Decoded sentence: conical asian man wearing a straw hat and a conical hat is holding a conical while a person.
Answer sentence: a young asian man wearing a conical straw hat holding straw goods, and another person in the back to the left holding straw goods.

Decoded sentence: the young asian man in the blue shirt with a large blue beard takes notes with the man.
Answer sentence: a young asian man in a blue shirt with a small beard and mustache takes notes with a pencil from a large book.

Decoded sentence: six asian girls in blue dresses stand on a wooden yard bordered by six bushes in front.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl in a blue dress, around six years old, is twirling a pink hula hoop around her waist while standing on a well-cut lawn in front of a wooden fence and some bushes and shrubs bordering the yard.

Decoded sentence: the young asian boy wearing pajamas is seated on the floor by the bed making legos to make.
Answer sentence: a young asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of legos.

Decoded sentence: a young man wearing a colorful african shirt and a bicycle walking down a urban sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young african-american man, wearing a colorful silk-screened shirt and a cap, walks his bicycle down an urban sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: robot asian woman wearing sunglasses and a tan coat hugging a wooden robot smiling.
Answer sentence: a young ( asian ) woman wearing sunglasses and a tan coat is smiling and hugging a wooden robot.

Decoded sentence: a yellow tractor is sitting on a hillside.
Answer sentence: a yellow tractor sits on a hillside.

Decoded sentence: two soccer soccer players run on a blue team while two players run along the side.
Answer sentence: a yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run along side.

Decoded sentence: a yellow taxi cab with a cab reading a taxi sign while sitting in the back reading on it.
Answer sentence: a yellow taxi cab with a sign reading `` mama mia ! '' on it, and a guy sitting in the back.

Decoded sentence: a yellow and gray team compete against a soccer match in a tiled city area playing on a.
Answer sentence: a yellow t-shirt soccer team competes against a gray t-shirt team in a match played on a stone tile city area.

Decoded sentence: a yellow robot is a robot.
Answer sentence: a yellow robot and young girl touch each other 's hands.

Decoded sentence: a yellow and yellow mask is handling a box carrying a box with a box and a box.
Answer sentence: a yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle.

Decoded sentence: a yellow dog running through a yard holding a yellow toy in its mouth.
Answer sentence: a yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: wrestlers crouched in the opposite direction as she walks in the opposite direction.
Answer sentence: a wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: people wearing bright black clothes and black vests cross the street.
Answer sentence: a worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him.

Decoded sentence: workers walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a worker walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: workers searching a glass worker with glasses.
Answer sentence: a worker searches an older nun with glasses.

Decoded sentence: correctly working to make sure machine.
Answer sentence: a worker making sure his machine is working correctly.

Decoded sentence: workers in exotic shirts stand offer produce behind a checkered food stand.
Answer sentence: a worker in a checkered shirt weighs out produce behind a stand that offers exotic foods.

Decoded sentence: workers in blue hats fixing a wall.
Answer sentence: a worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall.

Decoded sentence: workers dressed in orange water off side high road with water pressure.
Answer sentence: a worker dressed in orange overall sprays off an ocean side road with high pressure water.

Decoded sentence: a wooden horse keeps a wooden horse 's fence.
Answer sentence: a wooden fence keeps the horse 's safe.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting at a fancy table looking at a fancy table that is looking to the fancy.
Answer sentence: a women sitting at a fancy table looking at her food. a man standing next to the table.

Decoded sentence: sbarro talking on a subway restaurant while a man stands outside of a pizza and a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a woman, talking on her cellphone, and a man are standing outside of a sbarro pizza restaurant, next to the subway.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a nun attire is looking on a security guard guard while a woman looks on.
Answer sentence: a woman, in nun attire, is being frisked by a female security guard, while another woman looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman in black is attempting a ball in a large black skirt and a woman attempting to.
Answer sentence: a woman, in a t-shirt and a skirt, leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball.

Decoded sentence: a woman 's large jeans and sunglasses is walking in front of a large body of blue jeans.
Answer sentence: a woman 's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans and walks in front of a large sign depicting another woman wearing a black top and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: a woman 's hand shows a layer of colored hand and showing over his hands show.
Answer sentence: a woman 's hands are shown applying black-colored nail polish over an existing layer of gray-colored polish.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman working a variety of mechanical computer type of equipment in a laboratory.
Answer sentence: a woman works on a piece of computer equipment, while surrounded by a variety of mechanical and computer equipment, in what appears to be some type of laboratory workroom.

Decoded sentence: a woman working on a wall and tan skin skin with a tan skin wall.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin.

Decoded sentence: a woman working on a large machine using a blanket to make her sort to make her.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a large machine which she appears to be using to make a blanket of some sort.

Decoded sentence: a woman working at a newsstand.
Answer sentence: a woman working at a newsstand.

Decoded sentence: a woman with white hair in a yellow shirt is visible in the grass overlooking the ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman with white hair in a yellow shirt lies in the grass overlooking the ocean in which a lone sailboat is visible.

Decoded sentence: a woman with two hula hoops is performing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman with two hula hoops performs in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman with sunglasses on her head and a blond woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with sunglasses on her head is carrying a blond toddler.

Decoded sentence: a woman with high hair wearing a blue and blue striped shirt is sitting on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels.

Decoded sentence: partition with short hair and glasses sits behind a entryway and entryway in the entryway.
Answer sentence: a woman with short hair and sunglasses is sitting behind a glass partition in the entryway of a building.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a purple scarf in her hair is waving around a woman 's blue and purple decorations.
Answer sentence: a woman with shiny decorations in her hair is waving around purple, blue, and orange scarves.

Decoded sentence: a woman with reddish hair is applying mascara to his hair.
Answer sentence: a woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes.

Decoded sentence: a woman with red shoes stands in the middle of the street.
Answer sentence: a woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman with green colored face colors on her mouth is holding up a woman covered up and.
Answer sentence: a woman with red eyes and green makeup on her face, holds up a beige colored, ornately designed fan to cover her mouth.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman stand pulling a white tent and sunglasses up to the blond woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with pulled up blond-hair and sunglasses on is standing near a black and white tent.

Decoded sentence: a woman with pink hair plays in the bow.
Answer sentence: a woman with pink bows in her hair plays an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long hair holds a small piece of blue hair and a small child running on the.
Answer sentence: a woman with long hair holds the hand of small girl in one piece blue bathing suit while they run among other children on flooded pavement.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long dark hair standing in front of the window.
Answer sentence: a woman with long dark hair standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: d'antan with long hair and long black shoes looking in mid shop window shop.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair, wearing a mid-length coat, black heeled shoes is looking in the window of the au levain d'antan shop.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the long hair is standing over the bicycle and the woman is about her bicycle.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is standing over her bicycle while other bicycles are around her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long hair is sitting on a stool with a piano.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is sitting on a stool with a piano.

Decoded sentence: a woman with sunglasses sits behind the phone and looking back against the phone and looks.
Answer sentence: a woman with her hair up and wearing sunglasses is sitting and leaning against the back of a sofa while looking at her phone.

Decoded sentence: there are raising their mouths with their mouths open and the man with glasses behind her.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses raised is staring with her mouth open and there is a man with a child behind her.

Decoded sentence: people with glasses and glasses look at a gray table with two people in gray tables.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses is looking at a gray laptop with two other people at a table in a yellow room.

Decoded sentence: a woman with dark hair holds a vegetables while she stands in front of a table full of.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair holding a brown and white tank top holding a pole in the pool.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair wearing a black and white striped tank top holding a pole in a pool.

Decoded sentence: a woman with brown hair and a brown shirt is doing a science experiment and doing a science.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: people with brown hair and a brown shirt and a brown shirt with a drink in it is having.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair and wearing a brown shirt has a drink while perusing a book with photographs of people in it.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a string and a woman kneeling down on a machine.
Answer sentence: a woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine

Decoded sentence: a woman with blue hair is leaning to play against a blue wall.
Answer sentence: a woman with blue hair is playing the guitar leaning against a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a drink is sitting in a booth with drinks working on his hair.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat is riding a brown flag in a arena.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair and a cowboy hat, is holding the american flag while riding a brown horse in an arena.

Decoded sentence: a long black purse and a long menu stand at the menu and look at the menu 's truck.
Answer sentence: a woman with black pants, a pink long-sleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at mud 's food truck looking at the menu.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair and orange vest is working with a blue material like material like.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair, wearing a blue shirt and orange vest working with some blue clay like material.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair and a woman in a red streaked shirt biting a streaks and a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka dot dress singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair holds a lamp at a table with a lamp.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair holds a martini glass at a table with a lamp.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black hair is sitting on a rock and looking into a rock and a black looking.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance.

Decoded sentence: woman with yellow shirt stretching on bridge.
Answer sentence: a woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a woman with blue pants and blue pants standing in a crowd eating a visor.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white shirt walking by a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt and ponytail walks by.

Decoded sentence: people with white shirts and shirts holding aim at target target.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt aims a dart at an off-camera target as several other people holding darts look on beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with gray purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black jacket and black pants walks down the sidewalk in front of a banner.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers.

Decoded sentence: woman with black jacket and helmet standing near a bicycle and walkie talkie in a black.
Answer sentence: a woman with a walkie talkie and a bicycle helmet and bicycle standing near another woman in a black jacket.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a very black and black wig and giant sunglasses is holding up to his face.
Answer sentence: a woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face.

Decoded sentence: tinted women with sunglasses and sunglasses sit with a yellow pair tattoo on the multicolored.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo sits with a pair of yellow tinted sunglasses on her multicolored hair.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a tattoo on his back is walking away from the camera.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a straw hat is sitting on the steps outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man with a shopping bag is standing in a crowd next to a young man with a shopping bag.
Answer sentence: a woman with a shopping bag labeled `` sale '' stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera.

Decoded sentence: woman with long black skirt and long black skirt holding a long child walking along a sleeveless.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red sleeveless top and a long black skirt holding one young child in her arm and holding another young child by the hand as she walks along.

Decoded sentence: a woman with dark red coat and dark coat is talking on a city street talking.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red purse and a dark colored coat is walking along a city street while talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman with red orange apron is making a paper frame while his friends are leaning into.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red and orange apron makes paper-mache orbs while her friend leans into the frame.

Decoded sentence: 1889 with a ponytail in a ponytail and a ponytail stands outside of a ponytail store.
Answer sentence: a woman with a ponytail in a leather jacket is standing outside of a store that says `` since 1889. ''

Decoded sentence: a woman with a peace shirt on his vegetables and vegetables.
Answer sentence: a woman with a peace symbol on her shirt grills vegetables

Decoded sentence: a woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a large purse walking in a marble hall.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall.

Decoded sentence: woman with a yellow hooded jacket wearing blue hooded jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman with a headband wearing a blue, yellow and red hooded jacket.

Decoded sentence: a woman with traditional head reads a piece of paper from a piece of paper.
Answer sentence: a woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: a man with a hammer is hanging as a man hangs level level is hanging on the wall.
Answer sentence: a woman with a hammer watches as a man levels a picture of a tree being hung on the wall.

Decoded sentence: a man with a pink backpack and a young child stands beside her children are holding a backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and pink backpack holding a small child and a young man standing beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a gray and white apron is working with the woods.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and dirty white apron works with wood.

Decoded sentence: a man with a black shirt and a woman with a black purse is walking behind them.
Answer sentence: a woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a chinese hat leaning on a wall cutting out of a snow wall and a woman in.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chinese hat on leaning on the wall standing behind a cut out of snow white in front of some store windows.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a chain around around his neck is playing jenga as others watch as others.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of jenga while others watch on.

Decoded sentence: woman with picket standing beside a picket fence.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bucket standing beside a picket fence.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black coat along top of a apple and a woman with a black coat stands along.
Answer sentence: a woman with a brown coat and a woman with a black top stand along displays of oranges, apples, and other fruits.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a bright blue satchel and a bright blue satchel sitting in a chair pressure.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bright blue satchel measures the blood pressure of an old woman sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: a woman with blue umbrella stands next to a umbrella meter.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts has a taxi on his hand and a woman in a green.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts has her hand on a white taxi, as a boy in a green and white shirt walks beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black top is holding papers beside the road.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black top is holding papers beside a road.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman with a black coat and black coat standing outside on a city street.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black purse and brown coat is standing outside on a city street and there 's a police car driving down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black jacket and headphones standing next to a building that is under a.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and headphones standing next to a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: a woman with black jacket and black jacket looking at cellphone down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: woman with backpack sitting outside a building with others.
Answer sentence: a woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking in front of a bus with a head advertisement on the side of the bus.
Answer sentence: a woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side.

Decoded sentence: aloof strange man wearing a hat and a hat cross the street at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a woman who looks serious and aloof and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing the street at a crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: birth holding a baby in a hospital just giving a baby.
Answer sentence: a woman who just gave birth holding her baby in the hospital.

Decoded sentence: the woman is showing his daughter and showing it to fix.
Answer sentence: a woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing.

Decoded sentence: peddles dressed up bikes dressed up on a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman who is dressed up peddles on her bike while holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: a woman is watching the woman as the child is weaving on the yarn.
Answer sentence: a woman weaves yarn as a child watches on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses is laying on a pillow and the woman like the head.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses is laying her head on a backpack like a pillow.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a round rubber round a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a few round, colorful, chinese lanterns.

Decoded sentence: a woman appears up and appears to be wearing jeans and checking to check out his bus.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing jeans and a black and black jeans is walking past a bus carrying a shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag.

Decoded sentence: a woman listening to a woman with headphones and red headphones on the wall.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing red flip-flops site on a wall while listening to something with headphones.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing pink pants and playing a guitar while sitting on a chair.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing pink pants is sitting on a chair and playing the bass guitar.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing heavy heavy makeup stands in front of a store sign with makeup and light.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying, `` red light. ''

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing green pants spraying a water on a water van.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing green pants spraying water on her chevy van.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing glasses and a young child sits on a wooden surface of a wooden surface.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing glasses puts her hand on the shoulder of a young child as they sit at a flat wooden surface.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a brown boots and a red boots is walking through an outdoor crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing brown boots and holding a red cup walks through a large outdoor crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing blue pants is bending to next to a small child and a small child next to.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing blue pants is bending over next to a woman and small child seated at restaurant table.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black with a woman in a language is standing in front of a wall with multiple.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black with black hair is standing in front of a wall with writing in multiple languages.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black sunglasses is smiling to a right smiling.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black shorts and a white jacket and a black jacket standing next to a building.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black shorts, a black jacket, and white t-shirt is standing arms akimbo next to a building.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black and black is hugging.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black is hugging a child.

Decoded sentence: a lone woman wearing black heels and carrying a black purse walking down a street with.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black heels and carrying a white purse is walking down a lone street aligned with thin trees.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black glasses is sharing a glass with a toddler wearing a black hat.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black and black plays a violin in the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a apron is working.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing an apron is working.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a visor and blue sleeveless top is seen through a woman wearing a blue.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white sun visor, blue sleeveless top and white see through pants munching on food in a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and tan pants is standing beside a vendor containing various.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt, tan pants, and boots is standing beside a vendor cart that contains various beverages.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a white shirt and a guy sitting in a open chair with his mouth open.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt sits in a folding chair with her mouth open while several guys look on.

Decoded sentence: the woman wearing a black shirt and black skirt is in the surface of the artificial on.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and a short, black skirt is in motion on a green, artificial surface.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white hat and orange skirt is jumping in front of a tree and a orange.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat, white top, and orange skirt is jumping in front of some trees.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and hat is jogging down the street with a plant on the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing jeans and two little children swing on a tire swing with two tires in the.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a sunhats is resting by a flat container of his waist and surrounded by.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sunhat and gloves sorts oranges, surrounded by flat containers of oranges resting on a lattice work structure suspended at waist level.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a skirt and skirt on a stone bench reading.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a striped shirt and green striped shorts is examining a plastic bag while.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a yellow jacket and a denim skirt is standing in front of a brick building.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short skirt, yellow top, and denim jacket stands in front of a brick building covered with worn out signs.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a short white dress and high heels walks in front of two heels carrying a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short dress and high heels walking in front of two men carrying a large bottle while walking beside a white car.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing glasses is talking to a man wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: tailgating women wearing tailgate.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is tailgating.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a scarf wrapped in blue characters holding a blue paper wrapped by a theme.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is holding a gift wrapped in blue character themed wrapping paper.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a scarf and scarf reads a wooden structure.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf and reading a thin book reclines on a wooden structure.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red tank top cutting hamburgers in a half.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red tank top is cutting a hamburger in half.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red cloth walks down the street while she walks in front of a red shack.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a purple top and purple shorts with a capri woman is wearing a purple top.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple top and white capri pants and a man with white shorts on are near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a purple sports bra and black gloves with a bra and a purple ring and a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple sport bra and black gloves and face protection boxes with a woman wearing a red shirt, red gloves and a black head protector in a boxing ring.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black dress and black boots from a purple bottle bottle through a glass.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress and black boots walks through a crowd drinking from a glass bottle.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a flag and a elderly flag with a elderly flag lying over the ground.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pullover with an american flag patch bends over an elderly person who is lying on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink and white dress walking down a street with a pink dress walking.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink white and orange dress with braids in her hair walking down a busy street.

Decoded sentence: eyeglasses wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a wooden.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a pink sponge.

Decoded sentence: the woman wearing a pink shirt is around with his face next to the pile of rocks next to.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt is sitting down with her hand against her face next to a pile of rocks and is around kids and other adults.

Decoded sentence: microwave wearing pink shirt and red and red apron holding food and red apron standing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads, a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a maroon shirt and jeans is sitting on a couch next to a pale woman in a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pale shirt and jeans is sitting on a couch next to a man in a maroon shirt.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a colorful headdress swirls around a colorful swirls and scarf.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a metallic headdress and costume is swirling colorful scarves around herself.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a maroon hoodie and maroon as she is wading through the shallow bridge.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a maroon hoodie is holding a black object as she wades through shallow water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a green skirt and skirt hanging up on a line.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a long green skirt is hanging laundry up on the line.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a striped tank top and a woman wearing a striped tank top walking up a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a horizontal striped shirt and a woman wearing a white tank top walk up elongated steps in an alley lined with graffiti painted walls.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a backdrop is pouring another cup from a backdrop while another woman in.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a headscarf is pouring liquid from one cup into another, in front of a scenic backdrop.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a hat and a black jacket and sunglasses sitting on the ground with his.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on the back.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on her back.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a hat and sandals is looking to the left and a woman on the left of them.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat and a woman wearing sandals looking to the left of them on a busy street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a gray shirt and a black smock holding a light gray smock under a light.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock.

Decoded sentence: attractively wearing a gray shirt and white shorts plays a golf landscape with a golf landscape.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray shirt and white shorts is playing golf in a golf area that is attractively landscaped with flowers.

Decoded sentence: people wearing full coverings and shes walk through a city while she is carrying bags.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a full body head covering is carrying a bag on her head as she walks through a city while other people pass by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing floral floral is making a drink and smiling.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing floral head and a woman on a loom cutting thread.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral head covering is cutting a thread on a loom.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a colorful shawl on his head using a sewing machine.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a brown dress with a toddler wearing a stroller in a stroller in a park.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a brown dress with a matching turban is pushing a toddler through a park in his stroller.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat standing by a busy street while others stand.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket crosscountry blue jacket with pine trees and she is crosscountry.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue winter jacket crosscountry skies with a small pine tree dragging behind her.

Decoded sentence: clasps wearing blue sweater sit at a table with a colorful tablecloth and a colorful tablecloth.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue sweater sits at a table with a colorful tablecloth and clasps her hands together.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue shirt and high green and a white headband is walking out of a tunnel.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue skirt, high heels, a white shirt, green jacket and headband is walking out of a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a woman and a woman on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black dress and high heels at a train station high walk away from a suitcase.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress and high heels at a train station walks away from the tracks towards a yellow upright suitcase, while a bald man in black looks on from a nearby bench.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue blouse and blue jeans is riding in a bicycle.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black leather jacket with a yellow bra and black bra standing in front.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black leather jacket with yellow bra standing in front of a man wearing many necklaces.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black bandanna and black sneakers is sitting on a bench and a red bandanna.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket, red and white sneakers, and a red bandanna sits on a bench.

Decoded sentence: people wearing black jackets walking down the street with a young girl wearing a black.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket walking down the street with a young girl wearing a backpack, getting ready to pass a group of people standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a backpack is walking on the sidewalk while a woman walks by.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a shirt and a miniature woman in front of flowers and a woman in a miniature.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a t-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway.

Decoded sentence: a woman washing a laundry on a river while washing clothes in the river.
Answer sentence: a woman washing her laundry in the river, beating her clothes on a rock.

Decoded sentence: cultivated women walking up a path cutting up a straw on his head path.
Answer sentence: a woman walks up a path that cuts through cultivated plots while balancing straw on her head.

Decoded sentence: a woman scratching her face while walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman walks down the street while scratching her face.

Decoded sentence: a woman walks along the street as she looks like the window in the red dress is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walks along a street as she looks to a window display of a mannequin in a red dress.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red dress and red shoes walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walking while wearing a red dress and red shoes.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking on the street with a child on a street with his arms and a back bag back.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand.

Decoded sentence: a woman talking on the street as she is carrying her mannequin on her phone.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on a street talking on the phone and she is carrying a mannequin

Decoded sentence: a man running in the street with a young boy in a young boy in a street of a woman and.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her, and a running man behind her.

Decoded sentence: cheeseburger walking down a sidewalk beside a advertisement advertisement.
Answer sentence: a woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement.

Decoded sentence: ventriloquist ventriloquist playing with a red and green dragon in a beautiful garden garden.
Answer sentence: a woman ventriloquist is playing with her colorful green and red dragon in a beautiful garden backdrop.

Decoded sentence: people using cellphones on the sidewalk with three people.
Answer sentence: a woman using her cellphone on a sidewalk with three people talking amongst themselves in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman is using a sewing machine to sewing on the side of the street.
Answer sentence: a woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman throwing a frisbee on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two women talking to two women with notepads and a man in a office window talking.
Answer sentence: a woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.

Decoded sentence: animatedly women talk to water next to a body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three women talking to a woman talk.
Answer sentence: a woman talking to a group of three other women.

Decoded sentence: a man is talking on a cellphone while a man with a mustache is on a cellphone from underground.
Answer sentence: a woman talking on a cellphone and a man with a mustache emerge up the stairs from an underground subway.

Decoded sentence: numerous women taking a break break while sitting on the steps next to a laptop bag.
Answer sentence: a woman taking a smoke break and using her laptop while sitting on some steps, next to her numerous bags.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a hat taking a picture of a baby and a pink hat.
Answer sentence: a woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her.

Decoded sentence: a woman is standing over a table with a rainbow of paper on a piece of paper on the table.
Answer sentence: a woman stands over a child who is drawing a picture of a rainbow with brightly colored makers on a piece of paper at a table.

Decoded sentence: a woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands outside a store.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside a store.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a length dress and taking a picture with a large length covered picture.
Answer sentence: a woman stands on a balcony wearing a knee length dress taking pictures, with vines that cover the large windows.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing in a road looking off at the road in the distance.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in the road looking off at the buildings in the distance.

Decoded sentence: buzzes stand in front of a buzz traffic while she stands by.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her.

Decoded sentence: people stand with 3 drinks in a refrigerated refrigerated the shelf with the refrigerated.
Answer sentence: a woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables, some shelves with coffee and tea for sale, and a refrigerated drink case.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing outside on a sunny day wearing a blue tank top and jeans and sandals at.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside on a sunny day looking at something wearing blue jeans and sandals and a tank top.

Decoded sentence: a man leaning outside against a bucket that she is in green cap and cap stands at a bucket.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside leaning against a shovel which is in a bucket as she stairs at a man with a green cap.

Decoded sentence: a woman prepares on a rock while preparing to jump into the water.
Answer sentence: a woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing in front of a store with his arms crossed.
Answer sentence: a woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.

Decoded sentence: woman standing by a wire fence on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing in a garage by a car and a black weather hat and a black weather car in.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf, black gloves and hat and red handbag.

Decoded sentence: a woman squatting in the grass and a little boy is raising his hand and he is raising his.
Answer sentence: a woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy, as he smiles and raises his hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: pepper women holding green stand at a grocery stand.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles while holding several green peppers at a grocery stand.

Decoded sentence: recumbent children and children are lying cleaning as she is cleaning the floor with their.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles as she cleans the floor with rags while a child lies recumbent on the sofa.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sleeping behind a counter of a shop.
Answer sentence: a woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting next to a rainbow with his head over his head and a rainbow umbrella next.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting outside in the sun with a jacket over her head and a rainbow umbrella next to her.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a train between two women holding white eyes.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a train in between two people holding a white box and closing her eyes.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting the tennis racket with the racket.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting a tennis ball with a racket.

Decoded sentence: the cream appears to be standing out of the ice cream.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a desk labeled programmes and ice cream, the stand appears to be out of ice cream.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting at a counter looking up.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a counter is looking up.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting with a cookie in an orange hat and he is making a funny face with his hands.
Answer sentence: a woman sits with a boy in an orange hat with a cookie in his hand as he makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a gray bench beside a bottle.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a gray bench beside a bottle.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting on a chair against a blue wall beside a tennis court.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a chair against a blue wall beside a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a bed with a stuffed camel hand over his face and a camel in his lap.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a bed with a stuffed camel in her lap while putting her hands over her face.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting in a subway station.
Answer sentence: a woman sits in a subway station.

Decoded sentence: stray hiding in a wild awaiting a woman await the wild animal.
Answer sentence: a woman sits hidden in the dried stray awaiting an animal in the wild.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a computer is pointing at a computer as a woman stands next to a desktop computer.
Answer sentence: a woman sits at a desktop computer as a woman standing next to her points out something on the screen.

Decoded sentence: a woman is sitting alone on a park bench in the sun.
Answer sentence: a woman sits alone on a park bench in the sun.

Decoded sentence: a woman is bent down to have a small black shirt and a blue shirt with a seated bent down.
Answer sentence: a woman seated on the subway wearing blue jeans and a black shirt with small designs has her head bent down to her knees.

Decoded sentence: a woman scuba diving with scuba diving turtle.
Answer sentence: a woman scuba diving with a large sea turtle.

Decoded sentence: brazilian dressed in homemade clothing and a homemade woman sitting on a wooden steps reading.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in handsome homemade-looking clothing sits on a wooden step and reads brazilian author coelho.

Decoded sentence: tribal dressed in blue costumes dance in a parade and onlookers watch.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in a tribal green and blue costume dances in a parade while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting in front of a market while a woman in a dress is at a bunch of vegetables.
Answer sentence: a woman s sitting in front of a bunch of vegetable in a dress while at a farmers market.

Decoded sentence: a woman is falling his bike down the street in the street.
Answer sentence: a woman rides her bike down the street in the fall.

Decoded sentence: a woman is riding a horse near a frozen horse in winter time.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the winter time.

Decoded sentence: a woman reaching out to the light.
Answer sentence: a woman reaching out to lights.

Decoded sentence: a woman cutting a woman 's hair.
Answer sentence: a woman razor cutting another woman 's hair.

Decoded sentence: treetops women are barren through barren barren.
Answer sentence: a woman rapels through barren treetops.

Decoded sentence: firewood putting their women in order.
Answer sentence: a woman puts the firewood in order.

Decoded sentence: a woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza.

Decoded sentence: a woman holding a baby stroller and a young child holding a baby stroller.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a baby stroller is holding the hand of a young child with a white backpack.

Decoded sentence: people pushing strollers in a stroller with a woman on a bike.
Answer sentence: a woman pushes a child in a stroller with several people on bikes behind.

Decoded sentence: a woman is selling yarn from a woman selling a yarn and yarn on the side.
Answer sentence: a woman purchases a spool of yarn from another woman, who is selling on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: people preparing a grill to talk off a grill for meat and meat in the background.
Answer sentence: a woman prepares a plate of meat coming directly off of a grill while people talk in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman lying on a rug wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and patterned sweatshirt.
Answer sentence: a woman plays with a baby wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and lying on a patterned rug.

Decoded sentence: a woman running a softball ball to catch a ball.
Answer sentence: a woman playing softball, running to catch the ball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing beach volleyball in it and it is falling for the sand.
Answer sentence: a woman playing beach volleyball is diving for the ball as it falls towards the sand.

Decoded sentence: a woman is picking up a large rock.
Answer sentence: a woman picking up a large rock.

Decoded sentence: a woman taking a picture of his tongue sticking out as she is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a woman opens her eyes wide and sticks her tongue out as she holds a camera to take a picture.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a gray stage from a half flag and a black flag from a half half way around a.
Answer sentence: a woman on stage lit from behind standing in front of a microphone wearing a gray top and black pants with a red, white, and blue flag wrapped part way around the lower half of her body

Decoded sentence: woman on a hill going up a hill carrying pine trees.
Answer sentence: a woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: woman on sidewalk with luggage.
Answer sentence: a woman on a sidewalk with luggage.

Decoded sentence: squinting on the shoreline wearing pale pale jeans and jeans is multicolored.
Answer sentence: a woman on a shoreline wearing pale jeans and multicolored jacket, is squinting through a telescope.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a couch is cradles a cat.
Answer sentence: a woman on a couch is cradling a cat.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a boat wearing boots and a red spaghetti shirt and boots cleaning his spaghetti.
Answer sentence: a woman on a boat wearing a spaghetti strap shirt, red gloves and boots, points off the boat while she cleans something.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a blue bike with a pink helmet and a pink helmet as the sun rises over the public.
Answer sentence: a woman on a blue bike with a pink helmet rides by a public fountain as the sun rises over an urban area.

Decoded sentence: a man on a black and white striped jacket with a light black and white shirt with a light.
Answer sentence: a woman on a black and white hounds tooth jacket is being held by a man with black facial hair with a white striped shirt, on a balcony with a view of the city with its lights on.

Decoded sentence: segway on a woman with a crowd standing in a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman on a segway standing with some men in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman asking to a subway entrance to a pink coat in a pink coat and a woman in a pink.
Answer sentence: a woman next to a subway entrance in a tan coat is asking a woman in a pink coat directions.

Decoded sentence: a woman mount a ladder to mounted a ceiling.
Answer sentence: a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting up from a magazine while a man looks up from her next to her magazines.
Answer sentence: a woman looks up from her magazine at something while the man sitting next to her keeps reading.

Decoded sentence: headwear looks over a leafy dressed in blue shirt and blue shirt look out in the water.
Answer sentence: a woman looks out over the water dressed in a blue dress, white shirt, and green leafy headwear.

Decoded sentence: a woman looks on as a toddler is reaching up towards the sky.
Answer sentence: a woman looks on as a toddler reaches up towards the sky.

Decoded sentence: roofed looking down in asphalt parking lot next to a asphalt building.
Answer sentence: a woman looks down in a steeply-angled asphalt parking lot next to a blue-roofed building.

Decoded sentence: a woman looking out the window.
Answer sentence: a woman looking out a window.

Decoded sentence: likely looking at a telescope to look at a small lab of science lab and likely.
Answer sentence: a woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab.

Decoded sentence: a woman looking at wood items that is on display.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at wood items that are on display.

Decoded sentence: strangers looking at a bus through a glass bus.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at a stranger through the glass of the bus.

Decoded sentence: a woman leaning at the ocean looking at his ocean and looking crossed.
Answer sentence: a woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below.

Decoded sentence: a woman is laying on a platform platform in the middle of the body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: a woman is waving a wave.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a sash while waving.

Decoded sentence: a woman is watching a woman in front of a chicken inside of a cage.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching her child, who is in front of a chicken inside a cage.

Decoded sentence: a woman is watching a black dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching a black dog.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking a baby with a baby at a local park.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park.

Decoded sentence: a man walking across the street while a woman is eating a briefcase with bananas.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.

Decoded sentence: a woman waiting to cross the street while a woman with a backpack is standing near the.
Answer sentence: a woman is waiting to cross the street while another woman with a backpack stands near a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: a girl shows a young girl shows his face to look on the mirror to young girls look like.
Answer sentence: a woman is using a mirror to show a young girl what her painted face looks like while a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman takes a photograph on the beach at the beach while the woman stands in the foreground.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: a woman is falling to take a picture that has fallen on the spaulding of the spaulding.
Answer sentence: a woman is surprised to have her picture taken on this fall day outside spaulding 's women 's store.

Decoded sentence: a man is staring back to be staring at her man in a gray jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman is staring outside to a man in a gray jacket not looking back at her.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing with his arms looking at her arms.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing with her arms crossed and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: hewn standing in a round rough structure with sticks and sticks out above their heads.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing in a rough hewn structure with a round opening with her head sticking out above the opening.

bleu score 0.2864020296127609
