Decoded sentence: a dog in the field.
Answer sentence: a dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: the commuting of a museum and a commuting of a self about to see it as they are driving.
Answer sentence: when cars are all self driving, or we move away from commuting too much as we do, these will be seen only in museums.

Decoded sentence: there are a building in the background.
Answer sentence: there are buildings in the background.

Decoded sentence: a clear sky.
Answer sentence: the sky appears clear.

Decoded sentence: the pony looks like he is about to be pony.
Answer sentence: the ponies look like they love each other.

Decoded sentence: edited photo as a white edits.
Answer sentence: the photo has been edited to be black and white with splashes of color on the bikes.

Decoded sentence: resemble resembles sitting on top of a black hat and black resembling.
Answer sentence: the black cup sitting on the black saucer resembles a top hat.

Decoded sentence: a boy appears to be on a snow or snow making a fallen time of it.
Answer sentence: snow is dusted on the young boy 's clothing making it appear that he has fallen several times.

Decoded sentence: a nose of a nose that is pressing a horse in the field.
Answer sentence: one horse presses its nose to another horse in a field

Decoded sentence: the injured truck is in the accident and the injured is jumping out of the accident.
Answer sentence: if the animal jumps out of the vehicle, or the truck is in an accident, the animal could be injured.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: a man sings into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a man is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a band performs on stage.
Answer sentence: a band is performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: a dog in the snow.
Answer sentence: a dog in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the black dog is running through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog runs through the water.

Decoded sentence: two men are having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two men are having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man plays his drum.
Answer sentence: a man is playing the drums.

Decoded sentence: a black dog running through the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog running through water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: two dogs play together.

Decoded sentence: two young boys play in the water.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a street.

Decoded sentence: two men playing ice on a hockey.
Answer sentence: two men playing hockey on the ice.

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: two basketball players are oppose each other at the net.
Answer sentence: two basketball players oppose each other at the net.

Decoded sentence: young boys play on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays on a swing.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing headphones walks down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing headphones walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman holds a child.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a child.

Decoded sentence: a surfer riding a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer is riding a wave.

Decoded sentence: the surfer in the black wetsuit is riding a wave.
Answer sentence: a surfer in a black wetsuit rides a wave.

Decoded sentence: a rock climber is ascending.
Answer sentence: a rock climber ascends.

Decoded sentence: a person skiing down a snowy hill.
Answer sentence: a person skis down a snowy hill.

Decoded sentence: person on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a person on a bmx bike.

Decoded sentence: a person climbs a rock.
Answer sentence: a person is rock climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man playing musical instrument.
Answer sentence: a man playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: a man giving a speech.
Answer sentence: a man is giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: people playing a board game.
Answer sentence: a group of people playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant eating at a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a group of people eating at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in his mouth.
Answer sentence: a dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running through the grass.
Answer sentence: a dog runs through the grass.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running in the field.
Answer sentence: a dog runs in a field.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog in the field.
Answer sentence: a brown dog in a field.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player is taking a shot.
Answer sentence: a basketball player takes a shot.

Decoded sentence: young adults pose outside of a photo at night.
Answer sentence: young adults posing for a photo at night, somewhat chilly outside.

Decoded sentence: woman in black shirt and black writing writing in front of water with greek greek and writing.
Answer sentence: women in a black shirt standing with a bottle of water in hand in front of wall with greek writing on it.

Decoded sentence: three children in a small stone wall show to the woman in front of a small stone wall something.
Answer sentence: woman in helmet showing three small children something in her hands, standing in front of a stone wall.

Decoded sentence: two young women are looking at a cellphone.
Answer sentence: two young women are both looking at their cellphones

Decoded sentence: two young girls are flying and flying.
Answer sentence: two young girls fly a kite.

Decoded sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station.
Answer sentence: two young children riding in a toy car at a real gas station

Decoded sentence: two women working on yarn yarn.
Answer sentence: two women working on a yarn machine.

Decoded sentence: two people are playing next to a stage of a woman.
Answer sentence: two women next to a stage of people playing instruments

Decoded sentence: two children sit at a medieval cart in front of a medieval cart and a woman fayre them.
Answer sentence: two women and a child are sitting by a cart of arrows in front of a booth at a medieval fayre.

Decoded sentence: two men and a man very muddy drill.
Answer sentence: two very muddy men drilling for oil

Decoded sentence: two teenage females pose near a body of water.
Answer sentence: two teenage females are posing near a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two players playing basketball on a basketball court outside court.
Answer sentence: two teams of players playing basketball on a court outside.

Decoded sentence: two surfers are riding a wave in a water wave.
Answer sentence: two surfers are riding waves in open water.

Decoded sentence: two police police on bikes.
Answer sentence: two police ride on the same bike.

Decoded sentence: two people with a dog sitting in front of a dog.
Answer sentence: two people with a dog sitting in front of the ocean

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a bench.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two older men and a woman conversing and conversing at a table in a kitchen table.
Answer sentence: two older men, one middle-aged women, and an older women conversing at diner table in the interior of a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two older men discuss a corner on a street corner with graffiti in the background.
Answer sentence: two older men are discussing something on a street corner with graffiti in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men in black are on a black and black man in a black and black and black.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black in a city

Decoded sentence: two men are standing in a snow and one of them looking at the camera.
Answer sentence: two men standing in the snow, one looking at the camera, the other reading a paper by a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.
Answer sentence: two men stand in front of a large building.

Decoded sentence: two men with one hand working in hand outside.
Answer sentence: two men outside one working with a pole in hand.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety safety buckets and buckets on their roof while others fix signs.
Answer sentence: two men one in a safety bucket and the other on the roof are fixing a sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in hi jackets and viz jackets are carving hi signs into the next hi next to a man.
Answer sentence: two men in hi-viz jackets are talking to a man in suit next to the penzance welcome sign that is carved into a rock.

Decoded sentence: two women in a small building converse while one man is seen next to the man in the florescent.
Answer sentence: two men in florescent vests are standing next to parked cars in front of a small building while one of them converses with a driver and a woman on a bike is seen riding by

Decoded sentence: two men in black and yellow and one wearing a yellow boat are traveling on a wooden boat.
Answer sentence: two men in a wooden boat, one wearing yellow and one wearing black, traveling on a smooth body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing jackets leaning on a snowy road near a snowy road.
Answer sentence: two men each wearing jackets leaning on a railing near a snowy road

Decoded sentence: two men are cleaning a yachts outside of a window.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning the outside windows of a yacht

Decoded sentence: two guys in a green jacket and a guy reading a piece of paper on a piece of paper.
Answer sentence: two guys sitting on the floor, with the guy in the green jacket reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two guys playing soccer while looking exhausted are exhausted.
Answer sentence: two guys play soccer and look exhausted

Decoded sentence: two guys in marshal arts doing marshal arts.
Answer sentence: two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing jeans and a tent trying to put up a tent.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing sweatshirts and jeans trying to put up a tent

Decoded sentence: the girl is picking up the ground and one has a girl on her.
Answer sentence: two girls wearing gray sweat jackets picking on the side of a busy road, one of the girls is picking up something off the ground while the other looks on.

Decoded sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by a large horse.
Answer sentence: two girls in white dresses standing by large horses.

Decoded sentence: two females are embracing each other.
Answer sentence: two females are embracing each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are wrestling and playing in the field with each other.
Answer sentence: two dogs, playing in a field, wrestling with each other

Decoded sentence: two dogs are hanging out the long fur with fur and brown tongue one is showing the dog.
Answer sentence: two dogs, one with long brown fur, both dogs have their mouths open and teeth showing, one dogs tongue is hanging out.

Decoded sentence: two dancers are together near a.
Answer sentence: two dancers dance together.

Decoded sentence: two children holding a microphone and a person run through a microphone and the scanner.
Answer sentence: two children watch as a dog runs through a blue fenced course towards a person holding a scanner and microphone.

Decoded sentence: two children are standing in front of a wall and two children are having a child on it.
Answer sentence: two children are standing next to each other in front of a wall that has photographs on it.

Decoded sentence: two children play a game at a fair.
Answer sentence: two children are playing a game at the fair

Decoded sentence: a toddler toddler in a yellow park at a sippy cup with a sippy cup.
Answer sentence: toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.

Decoded sentence: the tiger putts the tiger to make the putt.
Answer sentence: tiger woods about to make a putt

Decoded sentence: three people wearing masks sitting down.
Answer sentence: three people wearing mask sitting down

Decoded sentence: three people out about the sun.
Answer sentence: three people staying out of the sun

Decoded sentence: three underpants from a red and red underpants shelter from a pair of red underpants.
Answer sentence: three pairs of underpants are hanging from a line under a red shelter.

Decoded sentence: three men are standing in a long red shirt and looking out at the papers while a man in.
Answer sentence: three men standing at a desk, the two in long-sleeve shirts are filling out papers while the man in the red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: three bikers are coming down a chain through a female with a female coming on the chain.
Answer sentence: three males and a female watch as a biker fixes a chain that has come off his gear on his bike.

Decoded sentence: three bikers stopped in a town.
Answer sentence: three bikers stop in town.

Decoded sentence: three african women in traditional african costumes gather in front of a yellow curtain.
Answer sentence: three african women in traditional orange costume are gathered in front of a yellow curtain.

Decoded sentence: a woman putting a socks on her socks.
Answer sentence: this is a woman putting her socks on.

Decoded sentence: young children petting piglet.
Answer sentence: the young children are petting a piglet

Decoded sentence: two boys playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: the two boys playing guitar

Decoded sentence: the dog is jumping on the couch.
Answer sentence: the dog is jumping on to the couch

Decoded sentence: the small child is trying to clean a small window.
Answer sentence: small long-haired child trying to clean a window.

Decoded sentence: a male in a white suit and a lot of 5 males hanging out in the back of a small van.
Answer sentence: small group of 5 white males in white suits hanging out by the back of a van in a parking lot talking.

Decoded sentence: a baby boy and white baby sleeping on the couch.
Answer sentence: sleeping white baby boy on a couch.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder popping a wheelie near a water.
Answer sentence: skateboarder `` popping a wheelie '' near the water.

Decoded sentence: workers are standing in a partially building that has partially partially signs.
Answer sentence: several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign

Decoded sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a green water river.
Answer sentence: seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.

Decoded sentence: d man in blue shirt and blue shorts leaning against a large store in front of a store.
Answer sentence: s large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store calle d `` terrible 's ''

Decoded sentence: a rugby of rugby players in white uniforms trying to catch a ball while a number of 29.
Answer sentence: rugby player in white number 25 uniform jumps to catch ball as opponent in green number 29 tries to stop him.

Decoded sentence: professional professional motorcycle racer racer.
Answer sentence: professional motorcycle racer turning a corner

Decoded sentence: people enjoying a day at a sunny day.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a sunny day at the beach

Decoded sentence: people at a beach looking for things in the sand.
Answer sentence: people at beach looking for things in sand

Decoded sentence: people playing a carnival game.
Answer sentence: people are playing a carnival game.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing a black jersey is trying to get a ball towards the boy wearing a black jersey.
Answer sentence: one boy wearing a black jersey holding a basketball while another is behind him trying to get the ball

Decoded sentence: old man pushing cart in the street.
Answer sentence: old man pushing a cart in street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray jacket is watching a worship at the worship.
Answer sentence: man wearing gray jacket watching family at worship.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man scaling a fire in a wall.
Answer sentence: man scaling wall with fire in hand

Decoded sentence: a man is operating a forklift forklift.
Answer sentence: man operating a blue forklift

Decoded sentence: a man laying on a bench holding a dog 's leash on his leash.
Answer sentence: man laying on bench holding leash of dog sitting on ground

Decoded sentence: a man jogging on the road in front of a big building.
Answer sentence: man jogging on a road, in front of a big unfinished building.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt climbing a cliff.
Answer sentence: man in red shirt climbing rock cliff

Decoded sentence: a man in a orange and orange shorts is combining into the sand castle by the copy castle.
Answer sentence: man in orange shorts builds a sand castle, combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him.

Decoded sentence: disaster in a boat looking at disaster.
Answer sentence: man in a boat looking at a disaster.

Decoded sentence: the male in the red sweater is playing the next to a dart and dart.
Answer sentence: male in gray sweater plays darts next to a red curtain.

Decoded sentence: a little girl standing with a girl in a cycling street.
Answer sentence: little girl standing with her cycle in the street.

Decoded sentence: the boy is on a little boy.
Answer sentence: little boy looking through a telescope on playground equipment with the sun glaring off the pole his hand is on.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in a blue shorts holding a screen.
Answer sentence: little boy in blue shorts holding a window screen

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and a backpack walking next to a large police officer in a blue.
Answer sentence: large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a tire on a playground of playground.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires

Decoded sentence: a kid plays in a blue tub outside of a blue water.
Answer sentence: kids play in a blue tub full of water outside

Decoded sentence: a kid riding a carnival swing ride.
Answer sentence: kids are riding a swinging carnival ride

Decoded sentence: visitors all of them looks like makers and visitors makers and makers looks to be watching.
Answer sentence: it looks to be a glass maker heating up some glass to make something while visitors in the background watch him

Decoded sentence: a indian lady dancing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: indian ladies dancing in front of crowd

Decoded sentence: people in a instructed instructed guy instructed for the back.
Answer sentence: guy instructing people in back of train.

Decoded sentence: a girl has fun and a girl.
Answer sentence: group of girls having fun together.

Decoded sentence: four goth people walking down a street with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: four goth looking people walking down a street with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a headband sitting on a park bench.
Answer sentence: five young girls wearing headbands sitting on park bench

Decoded sentence: the family are sitting on a beach with blue coolers.
Answer sentence: family sits on beach with a blue cooler.

Decoded sentence: a dog jumps for a frisbee.
Answer sentence: dog jumping for frisbee

Decoded sentence: a crowd of people walking in the street.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walking in the street

Decoded sentence: a cowboy from a cowboy is riding a curb in a parade while onlookers watch.
Answer sentence: cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb.

Decoded sentence: a baseball player playing with a baseball player on the field.
Answer sentence: baseball players playing with kids and adults on a field.

Decoded sentence: a bald man in a lab lab with a lab lab is looking with his clear liquid and a man in a.
Answer sentence: bald man in what looks like to be a lab with a lady watching as he is mixing some liquids in clear cup containers

Decoded sentence: a giggling boy giggles trying to get on his toy as his toy boy in a room filled with toys.
Answer sentence: baby boy giggles while he tries to get up on his feet supported by a couch in a living room filled with toys.

Decoded sentence: waterski down a waterski of waterski waterski on a board.
Answer sentence: an upside down man doing a flip on a waterski board

Decoded sentence: the old lady is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: an old lady walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: the african child is sitting at a table whilst serving food and green ornate children are.
Answer sentence: an old lady and a child are sitting at an ornate green table whilst being served by food by an african person.

Decoded sentence: a connecting holding a wire and a connect as they are connected to the connected.
Answer sentence: an african man and woman, they are holding hands, and he is holding a wire connected to a device.

Decoded sentence: a brink with a red purse and boots is walking down the street next to a street.
Answer sentence: adult with red boots and purse walking down the street next to a brink wall.

Decoded sentence: young woman on a baby riding a baby shoulders.
Answer sentence: a young woman is giving a baby a ride on her shoulders.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white helmet climbing up a rock wall

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a red shirt and pokemon pokemon carrying a small box.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a red pokemon shirt carrying a small red box

Decoded sentence: three young men are walking through a park puddle with a blue puddle parked in the same.
Answer sentence: a young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a red jacket and red life jacket in bulky bulky.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bulky red life jacket floating in a lake.

Decoded sentence: young girl with yellow head on her head is sitting on a table with a yellow band eating.
Answer sentence: a young child with a band-aid on his head sits eating at a small white table with a little girl eating off a yellow plate.

Decoded sentence: young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing.
Answer sentence: a young child in a purple shirt hanging upside down on a swing

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a black and white shirt with a black clever clever down.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down

Decoded sentence: young boy sliding on a slide in the grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube

Decoded sentence: young boy and boy jumping on a platform on a platform.
Answer sentence: a young boy skateboarder jumping on a platform on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: young boy pose inside a tractor.
Answer sentence: a young boy is posing inside a tractor shovel.

Decoded sentence: young boys are bowling at a bowl alley.
Answer sentence: a young boy is bowling at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl with a magizine in her hand.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a magizine in her hands

Decoded sentence: a worker wearing hard shirt to move a large orange hard hat into the shredder of a tree.
Answer sentence: a worker is trying to move a large tree limb into the tree shredder wearing an orange hard hat and a orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: workshop with workshop working on a workshop.
Answer sentence: a wood workshop with a man working on equipment

Decoded sentence: a woman with dark hair and dark hair is bending back to the back of the woman 's head.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair in bending, open mouthed, towards the back of a dark headed toddler 's head.

Decoded sentence: woman with big cake around a huge cake with a huge cake of earrings in front of a huge.
Answer sentence: a woman with big earrings, holding up her prize ticket, with a huge piece of chocolate cake in front of her

Decoded sentence: a woman with a red jacket and red jacket is paying off a scenic set of a bay on a bay set.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red jacket and headscarf looks out over a scenic view of a bay through a set of pay binoculars on a viewing deck.

Decoded sentence: people sitting outside wearing a building with sunglasses and sunglasses over a building.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses sits inside of a building with several other people looking outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing heavy pink jacket and makeup walks by the night at night of a shop shop.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup and a pink jacket is walking past a clothing shop at night.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress with a backpack and sunglasses is fixing a purple and backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a fancy dress is tiara on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wear a fancy dress and tiara on a beach

Decoded sentence: a woman walking in front of a portrait outdoor mural prominently a portrait of a mural.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in front of an outdoor mural, prominently featuring a portrait of a bald man.

Decoded sentence: a woman running in the race while a woman cheer her.
Answer sentence: a woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on

Decoded sentence: a woman walks along the subway.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking beside a subway.

Decoded sentence: latte sitting on a bench with a blue dog latte a latte in a blue latte with a woman on.
Answer sentence: a woman is sitting on a bench with a latte in her lap and a white dog on a blue leash to her side.

Decoded sentence: two children are showing something something to their show.
Answer sentence: a woman is showing two children something.

Decoded sentence: the man is holding a piece of wood and wood while a woman is drilling.
Answer sentence: a woman is holding a piece of wood while a man is drilling it.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black and black dancing.
Answer sentence: a woman in black dances with someone.

Decoded sentence: waterskier wearing red life jacket and red waterskier waiting to pull up a water.
Answer sentence: a waterskier wearing a red life jacket is holding the line waiting to be pulled up in the water.

Decoded sentence: glimpse taking a game of glimpse first for a first game.
Answer sentence: a toddler takes his first glimpse of the wonders of video games.

Decoded sentence: mia mia with a cab on top of a cab mia it.
Answer sentence: a taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it

Decoded sentence: two young boys are riding a unicycle in front of a street performer holding a young boy.
Answer sentence: a street performer rides a high unicycle in front of a young boy while holding two pins in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: sparsely sparsely with a brightly lit game of people and a sparsely populated.
Answer sentence: a sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around.

Decoded sentence: a small brown and black dog lying down in the rug.
Answer sentence: a small brown and black dog lying down in a furry rug.

Decoded sentence: a man in a city area.
Answer sentence: a sleeping man in a city area.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds the rail.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.
Answer sentence: a skateboarder grinds a rail.

Decoded sentence: the shirtless man is leaning over a balcony platform.
Answer sentence: a shirtless man leans over a balcony looking platform.

Decoded sentence: rusted climbers are climbing a steep rock wall with bright orange and sunglasses and sunglasses.
Answer sentence: a rock climber, climbing an extremely steep rust-colored rock wall, and he is wearing a bright orange hard hat with a light attached to it in the front, sunglasses, and jeans.

Decoded sentence: the quad is jumping from the dirt quad.
Answer sentence: a quad launches from a dirt jump.

Decoded sentence: wife wife is getting day by makeup on a wedding day.
Answer sentence: a proud wife to be gets her makeup done on her wedding day.

Decoded sentence: very older woman proud her baby very happy and a older woman with her mouth open.
Answer sentence: a proud older woman holds a very happy baby with his mouth wide open and both are smiling at each other.

Decoded sentence: a person standing on a sidewalk next to a warm clothes and warm.
Answer sentence: a person standing on the sidewalk, next to a window, wearing warm clothes

Decoded sentence: a person in a pink pants playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a person in pink pants playing a guitar

Decoded sentence: the whole dance moves of a person 's hand move into the body of the body.
Answer sentence: a person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand

Decoded sentence: elephant beautiful boy wearing a beautiful print print and print onesie on her side.
Answer sentence: a newborn baby boy wearing a beautiful elephant print onesie, is taking a nap on his side.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclists wearing white and white uniforms are jumping over control of a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: a motorcyclist wearing an orange and white uniform jumping off of his motorcycle after losing control, with two other motorcyclists racing up from behind.

Decoded sentence: people are surrounding a road with four people surrounded by motorcycles.
Answer sentence: a motorcycle is parked next to the road with four people surrounding it.

Decoded sentence: a girl pushes a little girl on her swing.
Answer sentence: a mom pushes her little girl on the swing.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blond child looking at a railing of autumn on a house.
Answer sentence: a man with two blond children looking at a house over a rail in autumn.

Decoded sentence: a man with a red beanie and blue beanie is wearing a sand castle with the sand castle on.
Answer sentence: a man with medium length hair, wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt, on one knee at the beach, sculpting a sand castle with a trough.

Decoded sentence: a man with long black hair stands and stirring off a pot of water.
Answer sentence: a man with long hair pulled into a ponytail and thick framed black glasses stands at a stove stirring a pot of boiling water.

Decoded sentence: a man with a green writing on a marker.
Answer sentence: a man with green marker written on his arm

Decoded sentence: a man with a stormy bag on his shoulders walking with a man in a desert walking with a.
Answer sentence: a man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds.

Decoded sentence: the collared and green man and wit a green shirt is sitting at a curb.
Answer sentence: a man wit a green collared shirt and a camera sits at a curb.

Decoded sentence: a man walking down a beach carrying a towel toward a beach and sandals and sandals.
Answer sentence: a man wearing sandal, walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black and black unicycle.
Answer sentence: a man wearing black rides a unicycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on her face.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt with a dramatic look on his face

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bed of two jumping in the middle.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage graffitied wall.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of a bunch of garbage and a graffitied wall.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red clown clown is talking to the street on the city street holding a red.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a red clown nose stand talking to a man holding groceries on a busy city street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a dark cowboy hat and dark hat riding a bucking bronco of a man in a rodeo.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a dark blue button up shirt, cowboy hat, and chaps rides a bucking bronco in a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt is standing on the railroad bridge of the bridge.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt, standing on the railroad is taking picture of the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black jacket and black jacket holding a book in front of a chalkboard.
Answer sentence: a man wearing a black jacket stands, holding an open book in front of a chalkboard and globe.

Decoded sentence: a man walks across the tightrope.
Answer sentence: a man walks across the tightrope.

Decoded sentence: a man walking down a alleyway.
Answer sentence: a man walking down an alleyway

Decoded sentence: a man wakeboarding on a lake.
Answer sentence: a man wakeboards on a lake.

Decoded sentence: a man taking a pizza out of the oven.
Answer sentence: a man taking a pizza out of an oven

Decoded sentence: a man stands with a guitar and a man in a empty room.
Answer sentence: a man stands with a guitar and music stand in an empty room.

Decoded sentence: a man with two squinting behind him.
Answer sentence: a man squinting with two women behind him

Decoded sentence: the man is practicing on the golf basket while practicing a golf basket.
Answer sentence: a man practicing his putting on a portable disc golf basket.

Decoded sentence: a man leaning against a fire hydrant next to a fire hydrant.
Answer sentence: a man leaning against a vehicle parked next to a fire hydrant.

Decoded sentence: reeds working on a log making a shelter to make a reeds.
Answer sentence: a man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds.

Decoded sentence: the man and the man are preparing to the parade as others prepare for the photograph.
Answer sentence: a man is being photographed by another man while others around him are preparing for a parade

Decoded sentence: the man is trying to sell various items behind a man and a cart.
Answer sentence: a man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.

Decoded sentence: paragliding in a white shirt and a man in a white shirt is on a paragliding ocean.
Answer sentence: a man in white shorts and a black shirt is paragliding on the ocean

Decoded sentence: a man in a black and black and black hugs.
Answer sentence: a man in black hugs a woman in black.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and a white shirt is jogging down the street with a man in a white.
Answer sentence: a man in black and a man in a red shirt and white shorts are jogging down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a orange shirt with a ladder next to a brick wall.
Answer sentence: a man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: a man in a jumping cart across a shopping store.
Answer sentence: a man in a store jumping across a shopping cart

Decoded sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a red sports field.
Answer sentence: a man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is skateboarding along a wall covered in front of a graffiti covered.
Answer sentence: a man in a green t-shirt is skateboarding along a graffiti covered wall in front of a blue door.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black shirt is having a black back towards the back.
Answer sentence: a man in a black shirt has his back towards a woman.

Decoded sentence: a man doing a trick on a bmx bike.
Answer sentence: a man doing tricks on a bmx bike

Decoded sentence: spiritual man and woman pretending to be spiritual.
Answer sentence: a man and woman are pretending to be spiritual in front of japanese temple.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman sitting on a couch and smiling.
Answer sentence: a man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling

Decoded sentence: a lone hiker on a trail hiking with a tree on a trail with a lone hat in the background.
Answer sentence: a lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background

Decoded sentence: the little girl in the yellow hat is sitting with his eyes closed and the little girl in.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a yellow hat is sitting in the grass with her eyes closed and her hand up to her face.

Decoded sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a little girl in a pink shirt holding a baby

Decoded sentence: the little boy is playing at the zoo.
Answer sentence: a little boy plays at the zoo.

Decoded sentence: a small tan bulldog walking along the shore of a large rocky stream.
Answer sentence: a large tan bulldog walking along the rocky shore of a small stream.

Decoded sentence: a lady wearing a black rollerskater with a whistle in the middle of a whistle.
Answer sentence: a lady is wearing all black with a whistle in the middle of rollerskaters.

Decoded sentence: a kid with a red shirt playing basketball.
Answer sentence: a kid with a red shirt playing basketball

Decoded sentence: a kid wearing snowshoes and laying on the back of snow.
Answer sentence: a kid wearing snowshoes and laying on his back on snow

Decoded sentence: armed armed men are holding a menorah next to a menorah.
Answer sentence: a jewish man holds a menorah next to armed guards

Decoded sentence: a guy shaving a facial hair in the restroom.
Answer sentence: a guy shaving his facial hair in the restroom.

Decoded sentence: the guy in the white shirt is sitting near the table full of suitcase.
Answer sentence: a guy in a white shirt is sitting between a table and a full suitcase.

Decoded sentence: a guy enjoying a frisbee playing day.
Answer sentence: a guy enjoying a day playing frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a young man is singing out of a young man.
Answer sentence: a group of young men sing out together.

Decoded sentence: a woman is holding a black umbrella and woman.
Answer sentence: a group of women holding black umbrellas.

Decoded sentence: people under a white tent party.
Answer sentence: a group of people under a white party tent.

Decoded sentence: a sitting on a sidewalk on a sidewalk and people.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting on the ground on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: a sporting event sitting at a sporting event.
Answer sentence: a group of people sitting at a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a child is standing outside a building and a building.
Answer sentence: a group of children are standing outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a electronic in a mini asian room shows a electronic camera while a electronic teenager.
Answer sentence: a group of asian teenagers sitting in what looks like a waiting room with blue and red chairs, show off their electronic mini cameras.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing in a track track.
Answer sentence: a girl stands in the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: wicket in a red shirt and a girl in front of a bowl of a cricket holding a ball in the.
Answer sentence: a girl in a red top bowls a cricket ball at a boy in a yellow shirt who is in front of the wicket holding a bat.

Decoded sentence: two bikers sit on a fountain as a cellphone and others are sitting on the cellphone and.
Answer sentence: a fountain sprays water as a biker sits in a chair talking on his cellphone, two others are present also talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a green shawl is sitting around a tree in a meadow reading a tree.
Answer sentence: a female wearing a shawl around her shoulders, sits upon a tree in a green meadow and reads.

Decoded sentence: young lady feeding a fat daughter.
Answer sentence: a fat lady feeding her young daughter.

Decoded sentence: a dog with a black and white dog is about to mirror up a mirror.
Answer sentence: a dog with black, white, and brown coloring is leashed up to a mirror

Decoded sentence: a dog wearing a jacket is pouncing pouncing.
Answer sentence: a dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.

Decoded sentence: a dog is dry.
Answer sentence: a dog shakes dry.

Decoded sentence: chilling on a bench as two bikers are observing a bench while two bikers are observing.
Answer sentence: a dog chilling on a bench while he has two biker observing him

Decoded sentence: a lady with a crowd around a acoustic guitar gathered by.
Answer sentence: a crowd gathers around a lady with an acoustic guitar who is performing

Decoded sentence: a couple of people sitting on a ledge overlooking a beach.
Answer sentence: a couple of several people sitting on a ledge overlooking the beach

Decoded sentence: a child sitting with a toy on a toy couch.
Answer sentence: a child sitting with a stuffed toy on a couch

Decoded sentence: a person wearing jeans and a child reaching to see left left left the air.
Answer sentence: a child reaches up into the air as a woman stands to his left and another person is seen wearing jeans to his right

Decoded sentence: a child laying down the scrubbing holding a microphone singing while laying in the yellow.
Answer sentence: a child is laying in a bubble bath holding a yellow scrubbing brush up to his mouth as if singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: deposited in a blue shirt and blue deposited from a deposited slide from a tree in front.
Answer sentence: a child in a blue shirt exits is being deposited from a slide onto a sand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a coat.
Answer sentence: a child girl wearing coat

Decoded sentence: young child and maybe a young child are demonstrating maybe a child.
Answer sentence: a child and a young adult the adult is maybe demonstrating how to do something to teach the young child

Decoded sentence: a brown dog is running down a paved pathway.
Answer sentence: a brown dog running down a paved pathway

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is playing with the hose.
Answer sentence: a brown dog plays with the hose.

Decoded sentence: a brown and white dog jumping over a red and white dog.
Answer sentence: a brown and white dog jumping over a red, yellow and white pole

Decoded sentence: a brown and brown dog running on the shore of a beach.
Answer sentence: a brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy smiles underwater.
Answer sentence: a boy smiles underwater.

Decoded sentence: a boy runs through the puddle.
Answer sentence: a boy runs through the puddle.

Decoded sentence: a young boy in a blue shirt is playing with a toy boy in a blue shirt and a young boy watches.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is playing with a toy ans another young boy in a blue shirt is watching him.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a stunt stunt on a wooden ramp beside a wooden building.
Answer sentence: a boy in a purple shirt is doing a skateboard stunt on a wooden ramp beside a white building.

Decoded sentence: three boys in blue shirts and black jeans are pushing a small toy pool around a pool.
Answer sentence: a boy in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pushing a toy three wheeler around a small pool.

Decoded sentence: a boy enjoys the rain.
Answer sentence: a boy enjoys a rain shower.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blank top and a blank tank top is sitting on a train with headphones next.
Answer sentence: a blond-haired man with glasses and a blank tank top is sitting next to another man with glasses and headphones while sitting on a train.

Decoded sentence: a female blond with a beverage in a beverage with a beverage and beverage listening to.
Answer sentence: a blond female, with a cigarette in her mouth and a beverage in her hand, is listening to music.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog with a pink collar is following a dog with a pink collar across his grassy.
Answer sentence: a black dog with a pink collar is following behind a brown dog with across a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a black dog in the water.
Answer sentence: a black dog splashes in the water.

Decoded sentence: the black dog is standing on the steps next to a river and as he stands next to him.
Answer sentence: a black dog is standing on a step next to a river as it shakes itself dry.

Decoded sentence: a long black and white dog walking through a long grass with a stick in the grass.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog jumping into the pool with a tennis ball in his black dog.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog jumping into a pool with a lot of tennis balls in it.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog wearing a red collar walking on a grass.
Answer sentence: a black and white dog is wearing a red collar whilst walking on the grass.

Decoded sentence: a beach with a red and blue boat on the shore with people.
Answer sentence: a beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore

Decoded sentence: a bald man with a brown shirt and a brown awning stands next to a man in a brown awning.
Answer sentence: a bald man with a tattooed head stands next to a man with a brown t-shirt in front of a transparent awning.

Decoded sentence: a bald man at a monitor wearing a fire monitor wearing headphones and a gun prepares to.
Answer sentence: a bald man monitors a woman at a shooting range, both wearing sound muffling headphones, as she prepares to fire a gun.

Decoded sentence: the bald man in the gray and gray dog is jumping up the man whilst holding a gray dog and.
Answer sentence: a bald man in gray is holding out a stick whilst a black and brown dog jumps up to catch it.

Decoded sentence: the mom is playing with a baby smiling.
Answer sentence: a baby smiling while playing with her mom.

Decoded sentence: a african american woman stands in the crowd.
Answer sentence: a african-american woman stands in the crowd.

Decoded sentence: people driving a tractor with a tractor behind them.
Answer sentence: a guy driving the tractor with some people around him

Decoded sentence: mover man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts and tan shorts with mover deere moves of john.
Answer sentence: younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding john deere tractor mover.

Decoded sentence: young women playing a game of lacrosse.
Answer sentence: young women playing a intense game of lacrosse.

Decoded sentence: young man dressed in costume standing and standing by.
Answer sentence: young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.

Decoded sentence: young woman with headphones making large bubbles.
Answer sentence: young woman with headphones makes a large bubble.

Decoded sentence: young women in black and white shirt and black person are talking on a flat screen in a.
Answer sentence: young woman in a white shirt is talking to a person in a black hat, while a football game is shown on a flat screen tv in the background.

Decoded sentence: young women in a park near a city park.
Answer sentence: young woman in a city park near a water feature.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a bikini top on a beach.
Answer sentence: young woman in a bikini top on the beach.

Decoded sentence: young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.
Answer sentence: young skateboarder doing a trick in the park.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing white pant and sneakers is playing a lawn guard on top of a wooden fence.
Answer sentence: young right handed boy wearing a batting helmet, red top and white pant uniform with shin guards and sneakers, playing t ball on a lawn bounded on one side by an old wooden fence.

Decoded sentence: young people sit on rocks along a rock vehicle.
Answer sentence: young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle.

Decoded sentence: young people in colorful shirts and yellow shirts prepare food.
Answer sentence: young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food.

Decoded sentence: young men and women sit at a table partially partially of them are sitting in green light.
Answer sentence: young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed ; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand, colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior.

Decoded sentence: two young men with pigtails on their faces with pigtails and small emergency in front of.
Answer sentence: young man with glasses and two small pigtails on front of his hair with bloody face appears to be in emergency room waiting area.

Decoded sentence: the young man is wearing a jewelry jacket and is in a jewelry jacket through a jewelry.
Answer sentence: young man wearing a wear jacket is behind a counter in a jewelry store gazing off into the distance.

Decoded sentence: young man in a driveway holding a driveway.
Answer sentence: young man in driveway holding small package.

Decoded sentence: young man and woman laying on concrete platform platform over large concrete.
Answer sentence: young man and woman laying on a large concrete block platform among many other concrete blocks.

Decoded sentence: young male in a blue outfit with a karate belt and a young white male wrapped in front.
Answer sentence: young male in a white karate outfit with a blue belt wrapped around his waist performs karate moves in front of the judges of the competition.

Decoded sentence: young lady in black shirt and light blue shirt sitting on a public table with a light blue.
Answer sentence: young lady dressed in black shorts and light blue shirt sitting outside at a public table looking at a picture on her camera with her left hand on her face.

Decoded sentence: young individuals in uniform gather under a flag for different country.
Answer sentence: young individuals in uniforms are gathering under the flags of several different countries.

Decoded sentence: young guy sitting on a curb in a dark shirt and sandals and sandals.
Answer sentence: young guy sitting on the curb in white t-shirt, dark shorts and sandals.

Decoded sentence: young girl with short pink shirt and dark shorts climbing a bicycle in front of a pink.
Answer sentence: young girl with short, dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles.

Decoded sentence: young girl with a tropical blurred camera and a tropical blurred picture is taking a picture.
Answer sentence: young girl with a point and shoot camera taking a picture of the sky with tropical trees blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing black bathing suits and black bathing suits are running with water.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing two piece black bathing suit running in the water with a smile on her face.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing pink leather sweater and pink boots is about the camera from a camera.
Answer sentence: young girl wearing gray and pink sweater and leather boots shields her face from the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girl playing with orange cones.
Answer sentence: young girl playing with orange cone.

Decoded sentence: young girl playing softball with a white softball in her background.
Answer sentence: young girl playing softball with white house in background

Decoded sentence: young boy in pink dress plays with a ball with his ball.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball

Decoded sentence: young girl in pink attire and striped pants and pink pants walking down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink coat walking beside man dressed in clown attire and striped pants down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a green bikini swimming with a rubber ring in the ring.
Answer sentence: young girl in pink and green bikini, swimming with a rubber ring.

Decoded sentence: young girl in blue dress steps over soccer steps.
Answer sentence: young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: young girl in orange shirt holding a blue and blue jacket in the young boy.
Answer sentence: young girl in a blue jacket holding young boy in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: young girl on a part of a man balancing a performance of a young man balancing a performance.
Answer sentence: young girl balances on a reclined man 's legs as part of a performance in front of an audience

Decoded sentence: young defensive player execute a game of opposite football on opposite teams 's opposite.
Answer sentence: young defensive football players executing a tackle on a member of the opposite team during a football game.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy in a blue shirt and dark blue day from a milk container in a store.
Answer sentence: young dark blond-haired boy in a blue shirt, in a store during the day, drinking chocolate milk from a container and smiling.

Decoded sentence: young children are organizing karate flags in their karate as they watch the american flag.
Answer sentence: young children practicing karate are organized in a gymnasium facing the american flag, being watched by adults in black and yellow karate outfits.

Decoded sentence: young child on a sled through the snow.
Answer sentence: young children on a sled are being pulled through the snow.

Decoded sentence: young child at a gymnasium competition at a school competition.
Answer sentence: young children at a martial arts competition, at a school gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: young children appear to be asleep or watching a local customs a local.
Answer sentence: young children are learning a local custom by watching adults, and it appears to involve pretending to be asleep.

Decoded sentence: young children wearing orange hats blowing up a green balloon.
Answer sentence: young child wearing a green hat blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: young caucasian men in sunglasses and a man in a heavily wooded shirt and sunglasses is.
Answer sentence: young caucasian man in shorts, t-shirt, helmet and sunglasses mountain biking down a heavily wooded hill.

Decoded sentence: young boy with a backpack walking down the street.
Answer sentence: young boys with backpacks walking down a street.

Decoded sentence: young boy playing a sport.
Answer sentence: young boys plays sports together.

Decoded sentence: young boys are walking in a galoshes.
Answer sentence: young boys are walking in galoshes.

Decoded sentence: a young boy sitting in a martial arts mat while practicing a young boy and a young boy.
Answer sentence: young boys and girls practice martial arts while being graded by peers and teachers sitting around the mats in a dojo.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a fishing waders stand on a dock and fishing waders on a dock.
Answer sentence: young boy wearing waders standing on a dock fishing, other people are in the background.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing next to a fishing rod with a young boy casting a fishing rod.
Answer sentence: young boy standing next to water casting his fishing rod with others next to him.

Decoded sentence: young boy and a young boy in jeans and a blue jacket are running on the cement walkway.
Answer sentence: young boy running waring blue jacket and blue jeans, flower pots are in the background on a cement walkway.

Decoded sentence: young boy handling a bike next to a young boy handling a bike down a bike set.
Answer sentence: young boy next to a bike that 's turned upside down is handling a socket wrench set that is set next to the bike.

Decoded sentence: young boys dressed for cold weather.
Answer sentence: young boy is dressed for cold weather.

Decoded sentence: young boy brushing a baby 's hair.
Answer sentence: young boy brushing a baby 's hair.

Decoded sentence: young black and adults perform a straight line in a line while a young adult is performing.
Answer sentence: young adults wearing red, yellow, and black shirts in a straight line perform a sketch.

Decoded sentence: young asian child in a sports jersey in a sporting activity.
Answer sentence: young east asian children in sports jerseys in a track and field activity.

Decoded sentence: young asian children looking at a playground of a playground upset.
Answer sentence: young asian girl who looks upset at a children 's outdoor playground.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe giraffe a tiny shot and a tiny giraffe on a giraffe shot.
Answer sentence: you can see the tiny hairs on the giraffe due to the close-up shot.

Decoded sentence: the lion print with a yellow banner in the print print is hanging across the sun.
Answer sentence: yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: workers with rope in a street.
Answer sentence: workers with ropes in the street.

Decoded sentence: workers wearing reflective vests working near train.
Answer sentence: workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car.

Decoded sentence: workers entering a railroad walk along a railroad track.
Answer sentence: workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: workers deeply into a stone hole with a deeply of them on it.
Answer sentence: workers dig deeply into a rock and stone hole with tools placed on the ground before them.

Decoded sentence: workers constructing a temporary structure.
Answer sentence: workers constructing a temporary structure.

Decoded sentence: martins workers martins up the famous line of sausages in front of a famous tent vendor.
Answer sentence: workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent

Decoded sentence: a volleyball of women at a volleyball olympics.
Answer sentence: women 's volleyball at the olympics is very intense.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a long shirt playing music.
Answer sentence: women wearing long shirts playing music.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a big silver wig carrying a cigarette with a basket in the hand.
Answer sentence: women wearing a silver wig big glasses carrying a basket with cigarette in hand.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a bench waiting for a laundry.
Answer sentence: women sitting on a bench waiting for her laundry

Decoded sentence: a woman sits at a bar cabinet by a cabinet on the dark wall of the cabinet and the cabinet.
Answer sentence: women sit at a bar that has dark cabinets, menus written on the walls, and a light hanging above the bar.

Decoded sentence: woman on a mural with graffiti on a mural in the background.
Answer sentence: women on phone with graffiti mural in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red and yellow ethnicity holding a dart stand for a dart.
Answer sentence: women of different ethnicities stand in a room, holding red and yellow darts.

Decoded sentence: a vintage singer turning a vintage machine to sewing.
Answer sentence: women manually turns a vintage singer sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red jacket with fur hood down a gravel path with a fur bridge around a wooden.
Answer sentence: women in green jacket with fur around the hood pushing red stroller down gravel path wooden bridge

Decoded sentence: a woman in formal sitting on a pew wearing pews.
Answer sentence: women in formal wear sitting on a pew.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in exotic clothes standing on a street.
Answer sentence: women dressed in exotic clothes, standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman is looking incense while incense.
Answer sentence: women burning what looks like incense.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing next to a produce stand.
Answer sentence: women are standing next to a produce stand.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman are seated in a picnic table with a yellow balloon while the man in the.
Answer sentence: women are seated at a picnic table eating, while a man in a white t-shirt and a yellow and orange balloon design on his head stands in the background.

Decoded sentence: a child and a woman with a stroller in the library.
Answer sentence: women and children with strollers in a library.

Decoded sentence: a woman and child washing a river clothes and washing green bank.
Answer sentence: women and children washing clothes by the river with green trees by the banks.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a green outfit with a number 43 is running on the low 43 with a low woman wearing.
Answer sentence: woman with hair in low ponytail, with the number 43 on her leg, is running wearing green shoes and a green outfit.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and a brown shirt is taking a photo of a poodle of two dogs.
Answer sentence: woman wearing blue shirt and white shorts, taking photo of two dogs ; one is a white poodle on a green leash, the other a brown hound mix breed on a neon pink leash.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red hat and a baby holding a baby with a red hat and holding a baby in.
Answer sentence: woman wearing a long red garment and hat, holding a baby with a little girl next to her in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: the woman is vaulting over a horse vaulting.
Answer sentence: woman vaulting over a vaulting horse.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands at a table full of vegetables.
Answer sentence: woman stands at a table full of vegetable produce.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands with a short white shirt outside a old woman with a white skirt and jean.
Answer sentence: woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a vehicle by a vehicle.
Answer sentence: woman standing in a parking lot by vehicles.

Decoded sentence: barefoot woman standing near a jug filled with a small liquid filled liquid.
Answer sentence: woman standing barefoot near a small hut and filling a jug with liquid.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a bench holding a large brown dog and a large brown dog.
Answer sentence: woman sitting on bench and holding the leash of a large white and brown dog.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting in a tree with trees.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in tree with dove.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting in a field of grass while holding a large white pad from the grass and.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in the grass under a tree overlooking a field of grass and holding a large pad of white paper.

Decoded sentence: dressy dressed in red and purple chairs with books on a book as they are sitting in a chair.
Answer sentence: woman sitting in a red chair with a dressy purple dress on and a book sitting on the arm rest.

Decoded sentence: a woman is outside.
Answer sentence: woman sewing outside by a green fence with graffiti.

Decoded sentence: two women play in front of a microphone and clarinets.
Answer sentence: woman plays clarinet in front of two microphones.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a clifftop trying to fly.
Answer sentence: woman on the clifftop trying to fly.

Decoded sentence: woman on a fitness machine in a fitness house.
Answer sentence: woman on a fitness machine in an untidy house.

Decoded sentence: clue playing a board game while playing a clue game.
Answer sentence: woman makes a face while playing the board game clue.

Decoded sentence: the woman is looking out at the window of the window.
Answer sentence: woman looking out the window at a man.

Decoded sentence: a woman out for a window and a woman 's food truck.
Answer sentence: woman inside of a food truck smiles out of the window.

Decoded sentence: gyro men in white walk with gyro signs around a man in a background slightly of a pizza.
Answer sentence: woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for john 's pizza and gyro in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red windbreaker looks at the rooftop to the windbreaker of binoculars.
Answer sentence: woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the red shirt is holding a infant.
Answer sentence: woman in red shirt is holding an infant.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the black dress and black dress is holding a piece of paper into the microphone.
Answer sentence: woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red sari is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: woman in a red sari walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a red headscarf covered face.
Answer sentence: woman in a red headscarf covering her face.

Decoded sentence: leopard in a dark blue and blue jeans and a man in a denim jacket walking in a street.
Answer sentence: woman in a leopard print outfit, walking in the street and a man in a dark blue jacket and denim jeans walking in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: the woman dressed in a blue top with a white top and blue equipment with a roof singing.
Answer sentence: woman in a green dress with a white top and red-hair singing in a room with a blue roof while band equipment is being prepared.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a striped shit lying in a chair and holding a piece of paper and a yellow shit.
Answer sentence: woman in a green and white striped shit lying in a chair with a yellow bag, holding a folded piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a blue jacket sitting at a tennis court and a tennis court.
Answer sentence: woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking down a street with a baby painted in the face and holding a baby painted.
Answer sentence: woman holds crying baby while walking down the street with children in face paint.

Decoded sentence: a woman holds a infant with a infant.
Answer sentence: woman holds a infant with both hands.

Decoded sentence: chevrolet giving a presentation to chevrolet a presentation.
Answer sentence: woman giving a presentation about a chevrolet car.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a blue dress with another man sitting on a bench next to a man with a.
Answer sentence: woman dressed in blue sitting on a bench with a cane next to her looking through her purse with a stretch limo behind her with a man and a woman walking in opposite directions from one another.

Decoded sentence: a woman climbs a rock wall climbing.
Answer sentence: woman climbing an artificial rock wall.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a short coat with a building in a short building.
Answer sentence: woman by building in short coat with other building in view.

Decoded sentence: two women wait for a small shop while a female psychic and a small psychic gives a shop.
Answer sentence: woman being given a palm reading by a female psychic while two other women wait inside of a small shop.

Decoded sentence: a woman balancing her head out to pie on a pie pie.
Answer sentence: woman balances a pie on her head and looks up into camera

Decoded sentence: a little girl and four girls near a cake with four candles.
Answer sentence: woman and four little girls, near cake with candles.

Decoded sentence: two people and a woman walking on a path covered in a horse covered path.
Answer sentence: woman and child walking on a path covered in leaves, while two people on horses come towards them.

Decoded sentence: wiffle wiffle wiffle green dog through a green field.
Answer sentence: wolf-like dog chasing white wiffle ball through a green field.

Decoded sentence: piggy boy holding a frisbee in a black jacket and a man in a black jacket holding out a.
Answer sentence: with the dam in the distance, the boy piggy backed onto the man in the black jacket holding a frisbee.

Decoded sentence: young boy stands on a swing at a playground with a blue and blue slide on the background.
Answer sentence: with blue slide in background, a young boy is standing on a swing 's seat at a playground.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing winter coat is holding up a tent to the tent.
Answer sentence: with a pack and ski pole on the ground, a man wearing a winter coat is holding a tent while other tents are already set up.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a yellow jacket shows hay in a line of hay with a yellow tree shows by his bale.
Answer sentence: with a line of trees behind him, a boy in a yellow jacket is shown jumping off a hay bale in different positions in his jump.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a facade of a man and another man holding a stick with his shoulder stands.
Answer sentence: with a building facade in the background, a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful man with a blue shirt and blue shorts is wading in shallow waters with his.
Answer sentence: with a beautiful blue sky and green mountains in the background, a man in blue shorts and a blue shirt wades through the shallow, clear waters carry something white.

Decoded sentence: chinese washers outside a chinese restaurant.
Answer sentence: window washers outside a chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white top and white shorts with a yellow top is throwing a stick on top.
Answer sentence: white woman with yellow top and white shorts on a dirt road with some trees in the background about to throw a stick.

Decoded sentence: charcoal charcoal charcoal drinks in white and white fluid squirt cigarette on wood.
Answer sentence: white male squirting lighter fluid on charcoal grill coals while drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette in the woods.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog going down a trail in a wooded area.
Answer sentence: white dog and black dog going down trail in wooded area

Decoded sentence: the man is throwing a little boy in the air up her droplets droplets droplets water.
Answer sentence: while water droplets fly, a man throws a little boy up in the air.

Decoded sentence: a tennis watches as a white dress plays with a tennis watches.
Answer sentence: while spectators watch she plays tennis, dressed in white.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray shirt and a multicolored bandanna is seated on a long chair while.
Answer sentence: while seated on a chair, a man wearing a blue shirt, gray pants, multicolored bandanna, and no shoes is blowing through a long tube.

Decoded sentence: two young boys in red and red trunks are standing on the water outside of a body of water.
Answer sentence: while everyone is standing in a body of water outside, a young blond boy in red trunks is standing on the shoulders of two children while another child, a woman and a young man watch

Decoded sentence: a lady with a very else else seated on a very roller coaster.
Answer sentence: while everybody else is having fun on a roller coaster ride, one lady at the very front seat seems too scared.

Decoded sentence: the swimmer in the yellow and yellow swimsuit is looking at the water as the swimmer looks.
Answer sentence: wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.

Decoded sentence: wet brown dog jumping out of the water.
Answer sentence: wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.

Decoded sentence: welder flying a welder with a welder flying at night.
Answer sentence: welders working at night with sparks flying.

Decoded sentence: a historical man is seen in a bright yellow costume with a bright yellow drama and a man.
Answer sentence: we see a shot of a korean historical drama with a man in bright red and yellow costume is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: the goalie shot is ready for the incoming polo water polo water.
Answer sentence: water polo goalie readies himself for an incoming shot.

Decoded sentence: wwii soldiers marching and vintage victory with each victory in victory and victory victory.
Answer sentence: wwii victory day parade with soldier marching down street, dressed in vintage gear and holding rifles.

Decoded sentence: a village possibly a woman seems to be possibly people watching a cellphone on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: village people are watching a woman who seems to be checking her messages possibly on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: various people walking down a sidewalk lined with various trees and tan buildings.
Answer sentence: various people are walking down a sidewalk lined with trees and a tan stone building.

Decoded sentence: twp children are digging a hole in a dirt.
Answer sentence: twp children dig holes in the dirt.

Decoded sentence: two young boys stand next to each trash outside with a green tree and green trash behind.
Answer sentence: two young, barefooted boys are standing outside next to an area covered with trash ; behind them are tall, green trees and shrubs.

Decoded sentence: two young white males are outside.
Answer sentence: two young, white males are outside near many bushes.

Decoded sentence: two young women are walking.
Answer sentence: two young women walking.

Decoded sentence: two young women are walking slowly.
Answer sentence: two young women walking slowly.

Decoded sentence: two young women are sitting at a table with a waiter and looking at the waiter and the.
Answer sentence: two young women sitting at an outdoor resaurant looking at menus about to place their order with the waiter standing at their table.

Decoded sentence: two young women wearing gray shirts and green shirts running with one ambulance and one.
Answer sentence: two young women running, one wearing a green shirt and the other wearing a gray shirt with a race tag `` 5028 '' with an ambulance and a coca-cola machine in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young women are looking through a microscope with one of them on it 's face.
Answer sentence: two young women look into two microscopes, one of them with a disbelieving look on her face.

Decoded sentence: two young women in black shirts and black pants sit on a white electrical box.
Answer sentence: two young women in black pants and white shirts sit on an electrical box and talk.

Decoded sentence: two young women stocked for yellow wares at a outdoor booth booth during a yellow umbrella.
Answer sentence: two young women examine the wares at a well-stocked outdoor bakery booth under a yellow umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young blond dancers wearing red costumes and a crowd of similarly are dancing and similarly.
Answer sentence: two young women dancers, one brunette and one blond, wearing similar red and black costumes and occupying a similarly colored `` dance cage '', entertain a gathering crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young women celebrating a birthday with cake cake.
Answer sentence: two young women celebrating a birthday with cake and wine.

Decoded sentence: two young men are talking with a man in a wheelchair and a woman on a wheelchair.
Answer sentence: two young women are talking with a young man in a wheelchair, while two other young men look on.

Decoded sentence: two young women are sitting at a table and eating a table.
Answer sentence: two young women are smiling while they sit at a table and eat.

Decoded sentence: two young girls and a young girl are jumping in a grassy area in a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two young teenage girls, both wearing jeans, are holding hands and simultaneously jumping in the air in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two young people are serving food.
Answer sentence: two young people serve food.

Decoded sentence: two young people dressed in red and headresses feathered their feathered as they are approaching.
Answer sentence: two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.

Decoded sentence: two young men in black pants and one with a black shirt and one in a black shirt are posing.
Answer sentence: two young men, one dressed in black, and the other with a black shirt and light pants, in an urban setting posing, tangled up with a football in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: three young redheaded men in a direction of a man and a young man are walking toward the.
Answer sentence: two young men walk toward the camera, with the redheaded man on the left turning his head to look back at three women in the background who are walking away in the other direction.

Decoded sentence: two young men play hockey on a roller hockey rink while the referee looks at the goal indoors.
Answer sentence: two young men play roller hockey on an indoor rink while a referee looks on near the goal net.

Decoded sentence: two men in yellow sweatshirt and one man on top of the other material as they are tossing.
Answer sentence: two young men one in a yellow sweatshirt and the other has no top on they are tossing a piece of green material.

Decoded sentence: two young men jumping over a big wood log.
Answer sentence: two young men jumping over two big wood logs.

Decoded sentence: two young men in a living room holding hands and jumping in their back to kick a man while.
Answer sentence: two young men in a living room holding hands while facing each other, jumping in the air and kicking their legs back.

Decoded sentence: two young men are holding a large ball along a large jump.
Answer sentence: two young men hold a large ball while a third jumps over it.

Decoded sentence: two young men dressed in matching clothing stand in front of a transportation transportation.
Answer sentence: two young men dressed in summer clothing of shorts and tank tops stand in front of a matching pair of pseudo rickshaws for transportation as men cycle in the background.

Decoded sentence: two young men are cleaning rags in hand as they cross the large rag of the man who is clutching.
Answer sentence: two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross.

Decoded sentence: two young men are having a good time.
Answer sentence: two young men are having good time.

Decoded sentence: two young men are standing at a pickup truck at a pickup truck with a pickup truck and.
Answer sentence: two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies are walking on a street and one of them is texting on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies are taking pictures in a digital picture reviewing.
Answer sentence: two young ladies review the pictures taken in their digital camera.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies in black boots are walking down the area while a older lady wearing a.
Answer sentence: two young ladies in green boots are walking through an urban area while an older lady wearing black shoes follows them.

Decoded sentence: two young kids play in the grass.
Answer sentence: two young kids are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two young girls stand in a crowd with short brown shorts and one holding a brown and white.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one in a white top and shorts the other in a brown flowered top and white shorts, holding a drawing with the word yo-yo on it, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two young blond girls and a blond girl in green jump on a couch of a room.
Answer sentence: two young girls, one blond and the other brunette, jump on a green couch in a bright, sun drenched room.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with sponges act to play a sponges while a referee referee is acting.
Answer sentence: two young girls with sponge bats being to play while an older girl is acting as the referee.

Decoded sentence: two young girls with winter coats hugging in the middle of a winter.
Answer sentence: two young girls with coats on hugging in the middle of winter.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing hijab are standing on the dirt and looking hijabs off the camera.
Answer sentence: two young girls wearing hijabs stand in a dirt courtyard, one has her arms folded and looks away the other is staring into the camera with her hands on her hips.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are laying down to face chairs while listening to a camera while listening.
Answer sentence: two young girls lay, face down, on grass and face the camera as they listen to an ipod near a folding chair and several purses.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are sitting in a chair and one of the other is sitting and others are sitting.
Answer sentence: two young girls are together, one is sitting in a chair and braiding the other 's hair.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two young girls are talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are sitting in a living room playing a game of the room that has drinks.
Answer sentence: two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are in short short forest as 2 younger girls are climbing to climb a forest.
Answer sentence: two young girls are playing in the forest ; the younger one is climbing a short tree and is about 2 feet off the ground.

Decoded sentence: two young boys and a small girl running into a round area of a round area.
Answer sentence: two young girl jumps into a small, round area of deeper water while a young boy looks on while running past.

Decoded sentence: two young girls play around a tree while one small girl climbs off to the tree.
Answer sentence: two young girl are playing near a small tree, and one has climbed up into the branches.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing floatation vests are posing in a floatation fair while a girl wearing.
Answer sentence: two young fair girls are smiling a posing together while they ride in a boat wearing floatation vests.

Decoded sentence: two young children wearing blue shirts and blue shirts are standing on the water of a body.
Answer sentence: two young children, one wearing a blue shirt and something on their head climbing a tree standing in front of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: two young children are playing outside.
Answer sentence: two young children playing outside.

Decoded sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and blue collared shirts are having out a baseball.
Answer sentence: two young boys wearing collared shirts and baseball caps have their blue-tinted tongues stuck out.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are sitting in a winnie outside wearing a pooh costume and a pooh costume.
Answer sentence: two young boys sit outside in the daylight hours wearing winnie the pooh and animal costumes.

Decoded sentence: two young boys practicing a karate for their art.
Answer sentence: two young boys practicing the art of karate.

Decoded sentence: two young boys playing besides the water besides into a lake.
Answer sentence: two young boys play besides a lake, throwing rocks into the water.

Decoded sentence: two boys in white shirts and one in a white tank top and looking landfill in a landfill.
Answer sentence: two young boys one in a white tank top and the other one in striped shirt in what looks like a landfill dump.

Decoded sentence: two young boys loading fruit from a fruit.
Answer sentence: two young boys loading fruit onto a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two young boys giggles at a giggles.
Answer sentence: two young boys giggling at life.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in white uniforms are competing with karate looks on they compete.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in white karate uniforms compete with each other while a man looks on from the background.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for the.
Answer sentence: two young boys dressed in shorts are looking for something.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are walking over a section of a section of pavement while one holds a section.
Answer sentence: two young boys are walking over a wet section of pavement, one is holding a hat over his head, the other is holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two young boys sitting next to a grapes and a young boy holding a cart while a apple cart.
Answer sentence: two young boys are smiling while sitting next to an organized fruit cart that holds apples, grapes, plums, and various other fruits.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are sitting in a canoe while one of them holds a medium fish.
Answer sentence: two young boys are sitting in a canoe, the one in the foreground is holding a medium sized fish.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are playing with a camera and two young boys on the street behind them.
Answer sentence: two young boys are playing with a can on a city street, there is camera equipment behind them.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are seated over a vehicle in the seat.
Answer sentence: two young boys are climbing over the seat in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two young father and flowing girls climbing and flowing behind a lava close close with.
Answer sentence: two young barefooted girls are climbing an old lava flow with their father and mother following close behind.

Decoded sentence: two young boys play music as a female gender the boy is on the opposite 's drum.
Answer sentence: two young adults of opposite gender are playing music, the boy is on the drums and the female is singing.

Decoded sentence: brief riding a injury one arm is helping to fix a injury ride.
Answer sentence: two young adults at a rodeo, one is helping the other to fix an injury to his arm after a brief ride.

Decoded sentence: two wrestlers are on mainly mainly blue and one in mainly blue and the other wearing a.
Answer sentence: two wrestlers, one wearing mainly red and the other mainly blue are on a mat in a wrestling position.

Decoded sentence: two workers working on a rooftop looking over work.
Answer sentence: two workers, working on a rooftop, looking over a town.

Decoded sentence: two workers in heavy uniforms stand next to a machinery.
Answer sentence: two workers in uniform are standing next to some heavy machinery.

Decoded sentence: two workers in yellow safety vests and hard hats stand near concrete blocks.
Answer sentence: two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: two workers in aprons wear aprons.
Answer sentence: two workers in a store are wearing aprons.

Decoded sentence: two workers in a restaurant mongolian bbq.
Answer sentence: two workers in a mongolian bbq restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two workers working hard up to a tree with hard trees.
Answer sentence: two workers holding up the tree look around, while the other two work hard with their shovels.

Decoded sentence: two workers wearing hard hats and one is descending the floor as one hatch into the floor.
Answer sentence: two workers are wearing hard hats while one of them begins to descend into a floor hatch.

Decoded sentence: two workers are on a cherry one with a safety safety on the camera.
Answer sentence: two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: two workers cleaning the window with their bystanders and bystanders in the background.
Answer sentence: two workers are cleaning a window with bystanders and a dog in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and dark hats and sunglasses are waving a dark wave as they.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing white shirts, colorful scarfs, white gloves, dark sunglasses and hats, wave to others.

Decoded sentence: three people with black shirts and white cardigan are standing at a picture with a man.
Answer sentence: two women, wearing a black shirt with a gray cardigan and a white and black striped shirt, are smiling at the camera that took the picture of them, with three people standing in the background, two men wearing a green and square patterned shirt, and part of a woman.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing black and red and red are playing at a concert while one is wearing a.
Answer sentence: two women, one wearing red and one wearing black, playing violins at a concert.

Decoded sentence: two women in navy one in a white skirt and one with a white rimmed sunglasses and a other.
Answer sentence: two women, one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt, the other in a longer navy skirt, converse with each other.

Decoded sentence: two women in light clothing ride a slide while one of them is sliding to the color and.
Answer sentence: two women, one in a dark colored clothing and one in light colored clothing, rides a water slide.

Decoded sentence: two women play in the mid one with a tennis racket and a woman in mid jump on the court.
Answer sentence: two women, one caught in mid jump as she hits the ball with a racket, play tennis on a court.

Decoded sentence: two women in winter pants and winter pants ride on a mountain lift through a mountain covered.
Answer sentence: two women, in winter jackets and snow pants, riding on a chair lift through snow covered mountains.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing glasses and clarinets clarinets while playing a clarinets instrument.
Answer sentence: two women, both wearing glasses, are playing clarinets and an elderly woman is playing a stringed instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women with blue and blue hairnets tedious along a unknown object with a hairnet and.
Answer sentence: two women with stethoscopes and a man with a blue hairnet on working tedious over an unknown object or person.

Decoded sentence: two women with dark hair are standing at a table playing chess.
Answer sentence: two women with dark hair play chess at a table while standing.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair and black lei standing in the store with flowers in their leis.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair wearing flower leis standing in a store with a baby in a baby stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women with black hair and purple umbrellas are walking on the street carrying a purple.
Answer sentence: two women with black hair are walking on the street, carrying a purple umbrella over their head.

Decoded sentence: two airline wearing sunglasses and sunglasses are waving a stewardess wave over a building.
Answer sentence: two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses stand around a road while one of them holds up a sign with.
Answer sentence: two women wearing sunglasses are standing by the side of the road and the one wearing a skirt is holding up a stop sign with the word eating taped to it.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats are posing in a flower covered together.
Answer sentence: two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing green shirts are getting off a tour bus.
Answer sentence: two women wearing green shirts are getting off a tour bus.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing colorful skirts and skirts are dancing in the dirt center of a circle.
Answer sentence: two women wearing colorful skirts and t-shirts are dancing in a dirt clearing in the center of a circle of other women, who are clapping.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing backpacks are walking toward the camera toward a midriff midriff and.
Answer sentence: two women walking toward the camera along a sidewalk while wearing a backpack and showing midriff.

Decoded sentence: two women walking down the street.
Answer sentence: two women walking down the street

Decoded sentence: two women walking down a busy street in a busy street talking to each other as they pass.
Answer sentence: two women walking down a busy street talking to each other, passing a man in an orange shirt.

Decoded sentence: two women walk down a busy street.
Answer sentence: two women walk down a busy street together.

Decoded sentence: two women laugh as they walk by a laugh.
Answer sentence: two women talk and laugh while people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in front of a older woman dressed in front helping a younger door.
Answer sentence: two women standing in front of an open door, the older woman is helping to dress the younger one.

Decoded sentence: two women stand by a hallway series of a very ornate marley in a hallway with two women.
Answer sentence: two women stand by a large series of signs which say `` le cafe marley '' in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling.

Decoded sentence: two women in pink shirts and sandals on a sidewalk looking at a plant while one in a pink.
Answer sentence: two women squatting on the sidewalk looking at plants, one in black shirt, shorts and pink sandals, the other in a white shirt, black shorts talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two women in dark clothes sit under a tent as one of them is laying barefoot into the top.
Answer sentence: two women sitting under a tent, one with shirt red-hair, dark clothes drinking and the other laying down playing the guitar in a green top and jean peddle pushers both barefoot.

Decoded sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women sit on a beach with a hole and seem to be digging in the sand and the beach hole.
Answer sentence: two women sit on the beach in holes seem to be digging for something with rocks and sand all around them.

Decoded sentence: two women sit on a block underneath a block.
Answer sentence: two women sit on blocks underneath an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two women sit on a couch as one of them holds a baby hand.
Answer sentence: two women sit on a couch while one holds a baby and the other is being handed a dog by another woman.

Decoded sentence: two children are sitting in a street and two of attention to get the camera.
Answer sentence: two women sit in chairs while a child in the street gets the attention of the camera.

Decoded sentence: two women run down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women run down the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women relax on a couch amidst a pile of clothing with a array of them on it amidst.
Answer sentence: two women relax at home on a futon-style couch amidst pillows and a pile of clothing, with an array of photographs on the wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women playing musical instruments and one is playing the violin and the wind instrument.
Answer sentence: two women playing musical instruments ; one plays violin and the other play a wind instrument.

Decoded sentence: two women are looking at items of a chinese store over a convenience.
Answer sentence: two women looks over an item at a chinese convenience store.

Decoded sentence: two refreshing pabst women laugh as they laugh as a refreshing blue ribbon pabst beer.
Answer sentence: two women laugh and share conversation while each of them holds a can of refreshing pabst blue ribbon beer.

Decoded sentence: two women kneeling around the couch of a third demonstration that has a third demonstration.
Answer sentence: two women kneeling around the footrest of a couch observing a third woman 's demonstration of a device.

Decoded sentence: two women lean down a bench in front of a lake with a person in a lake leaning on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women jogging down a sidewalk in front of a person leaning on a bench in front of a lake. with another person

Decoded sentence: two women jogging down the street.
Answer sentence: two women jog down the street.

Decoded sentence: two women involved in preparation to a yellow and yellow bag.
Answer sentence: two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags.

Decoded sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with a cloth.
Answer sentence: two women in white shirts and dark pants are working with cloth.

Decoded sentence: two women in librarian assist are helping a woman in a library.
Answer sentence: two women in library the librarian assist the other women to help in her research.

Decoded sentence: two women in headwraps hurry to headwraps their bus.
Answer sentence: two women in headwraps are hurrying past buses.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts are exiting a vehicle.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts are exiting a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: two women in green shirts and green shirts seem to be holding attention to a woman as they.
Answer sentence: two women in green shirts and brunette hair seem to have their attention held by someone or something.

Decoded sentence: two women in white costumes with yellow costumes are walking out of a stage with two women.
Answer sentence: two women in green and yellow costumes with white sleeves put up their hands and smile while walking along a brown stage with leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women in colorful dresses and colorful water watch a man.
Answer sentence: two women in colorful dresses are sweeping water out of the street while a man watches.

Decoded sentence: two women in coats are walking in a park area.
Answer sentence: two women in coats are walking together in a park area.

Decoded sentence: two women in brightly colored shirts and black tee sit on a bench near a stone bench.
Answer sentence: two women in brightly colored tee-shirts and hats sit beside a black backpack on a stone bench beside a dusty trail.

Decoded sentence: two women in black clothes and black are having fun.
Answer sentence: two women in black and blue clothes laughing and having fun.

Decoded sentence: two women in blue jackets and dark jackets are on a sidewalk with a giant rat rat behind.
Answer sentence: two women in a light blue and a dark blue jacket walking in a crosswalk and a fake giant rat is on the sidewalk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two women in renaissance clothing perform on a stage.
Answer sentence: two women in renaissance clothing are performing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two women are hugging each other.
Answer sentence: two women hugging each other.

Decoded sentence: two women are standing outside holding a shopping bag and having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two women holding shopping bags are standing outside having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two women having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two women are having a metropolitan metropolitan area in a busy area.
Answer sentence: two women have a seat in a busy metropolitan area.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in black pants and black pants are backdropped with a backdrop and identically.
Answer sentence: two women dressed in black pants and white tops positioned identically with a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: two women with hats and donned hats pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: two women donning hats adorned with flowers pose for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two women discussing at a red table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two women topic topic at a library.
Answer sentence: two women discussing a topic at the library.

Decoded sentence: two women walking on a walkway with pedestrians and pedestrians in the background.
Answer sentence: two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by

Decoded sentence: two women crossing the street with a giant rat in the background.
Answer sentence: two women crossing the street with a giant rat in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women carrying grains on a head.
Answer sentence: two women carrying grain on their head.

Decoded sentence: two women buying baked goods from a market at a market.
Answer sentence: two women buying baked goods from a man at a market.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and pants sit on a sidewalk as two women on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two women both wearing white shirts and black pants, one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing sunglasses are eating food.
Answer sentence: two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food.

Decoded sentence: two women are waiting in a large black building outside of a large black building carrying.
Answer sentence: two women are waiting outside a building while a man in black carries a large bouquet of flowers somewhere.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are standing in a blue and blue casually one with a blue hat and the woman.
Answer sentence: two women are standing with a young boy in a blue hat, and the one on the left is casually checking her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two women standing on a boat looking at water.
Answer sentence: two women are standing on a boat looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two women are standing in a snow looking with snow shaped orange light orange cones.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light.

Decoded sentence: two women are standing in a stroller with a blue baby in the stroller.
Answer sentence: two women are standing in a store with a baby in a blue stroller.

Decoded sentence: two women appear to be smiling and listening to music or they appear to be smiling.
Answer sentence: two women are smiling as they appear to be listening to portable music devices.

Decoded sentence: two women sit in chairs at a human colored woman 's wings and two colorful roses.
Answer sentence: two women are sitting in rose-colored wing back chairs as one points over her shoulder at a colorful human figure.

Decoded sentence: two women play a keyboard under a tent at night.
Answer sentence: two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.

Decoded sentence: three men are jogging and two men are jogging on a dirt trail.
Answer sentence: two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail.

Decoded sentence: two women are making pottery hands by a clay clay.
Answer sentence: two women are hand-crafting something or making clay pottery.

Decoded sentence: two women are laughing from a yellow and yellow cup.
Answer sentence: two women are drinking from yellow cups and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two women are crossing a street while smiling.
Answer sentence: two women are crossing the street and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two men and a woman removing the yard out of a storm for their storm.
Answer sentence: two women and a man removing brush weed out of their yard after a storm.

Decoded sentence: two men and a woman in a large cher looking at a large portrait of cher.
Answer sentence: two women and a man in a studio looking at a large portrait of cher.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in red and red clothing are in a victorian era in a victorian era and.
Answer sentence: two women and a man dressed in victorian era clothing ; the man is gesturing to the women in the red dress.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing medieval hats and gold medieval hats and blue wind brass instruments.
Answer sentence: two women and a man are wearing medieval blue and gold robes and red hats are playing wind and brass instruments.

Decoded sentence: two women and a woman celebrating at nighttime.
Answer sentence: two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.

Decoded sentence: two women with different headdresses talk in the foreground in a background and a woman.
Answer sentence: two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats and a subway statue to get a picture in liberty.
Answer sentence: two woman wearing statue of liberty hats get their picture taken in a subway.

Decoded sentence: two women in a frisbee one is playing a frisbee and one of the two women are playing frisbee.
Answer sentence: two woman playing a frisbee game, the frisbee in the air about to be caught by one of the women.

Decoded sentence: two women in brown coats walking toward the picture of a woman in a brown background.
Answer sentence: two woman in brown coats in the background of a woman walking toward the front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: two women at a conference convention or convention.
Answer sentence: two woman at a professional conference or convention.

Decoded sentence: two reflecting washers on the side of a building reflecting a washer.
Answer sentence: two window-washers clean windows on the side of a building, reflected in the blue-tinted glass.

Decoded sentence: two dark men are laughing on a dark horse while a man is laughing.
Answer sentence: two white people are laughing on horses while a dark-skinned man stands around in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black and white uniforms are competing on a matt while onlookers watch.
Answer sentence: two white men dressed in white and black tae kwon do uniforms, competing with each other on a green and red matt while a team of onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.
Answer sentence: two white dogs walking in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two young boys and a young white preschool dishes with legos shaped dishes in front of.
Answer sentence: two very young boys and an adult are playing with big preschool legos and a red dish-shaped play cushion that 's filled with balls on a white carpet in front of a gray couch.

Decoded sentence: two vendors with red umbrellas are outside a vendor in a red umbrella.
Answer sentence: two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people.

Decoded sentence: two people are going over a camera and another younger region in a younger region and another.
Answer sentence: two vehicles or trailers going away from the camera in a sandy region, with a driver on each and two people in the back who each appear younger, looking in the direction of one another.

Decoded sentence: two older people look like a male and a older male wearing a fur coat and a unhappy coat.
Answer sentence: two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera, the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat.

Decoded sentence: two boys and a boy wearing plaid shirt and one in a yellow shirt are seated in a table.
Answer sentence: two toddler boys, one in a plaid shirt, the other wearing a t-shirt and bib, are seated in yellow chairs embedded in a table.

Decoded sentence: two men trestle on a couch with a trestle coffee and coffee trestle on their cups.
Answer sentence: two tired-looking men relax on a couch near a wooden trestle table with a coffee cup on it.

Decoded sentence: two children rest on the couch by a museum as they rest by the art museum.
Answer sentence: two tired children rest on couches at an art museum while the adults around them view the art.

Decoded sentence: two terriers running in a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two terriers running in a grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two teens are standing on a street near two blue and blue teens.
Answer sentence: two teens are near a fast food booth painted blue, while standing on a tiled street.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls are playing soccer and wearing white jerseys and one wearing white and.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls, one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey, playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two teenage girls are jumping and holding hands in a brown building with a story story.
Answer sentence: two teenage girls jumping in a yard, with a two story brown building in the background, while holding each others right hand.

Decoded sentence: two football teams playing a red and white team in the other team and the other team are.
Answer sentence: two teams, one wearing blue and white, the other in red and white, are playing football.

Decoded sentence: two young children in matching blue and white and white unisex one in a soccer match in.
Answer sentence: two teams of young children, one in blue and white, the other in green and white, playing soccer in a unisex match.

Decoded sentence: two teams compete in a basketball game.
Answer sentence: two teams compete in a basketball game.

Decoded sentence: two teammates from a usa team are jumping high in the air as they watch the usa as the.
Answer sentence: two teammates from the usa team are jumping in the air to give high-fives while two teammates watch.

Decoded sentence: two swimmers competing in a swimming competition.
Answer sentence: two swimmers competing in swim competition.

Decoded sentence: two swan swans swans in the water.
Answer sentence: two swans swimming in the water.

Decoded sentence: two surgeons perform surgery.
Answer sentence: two surgeons performing a surgery.

Decoded sentence: two students are on a concrete wall having a conversation while two of them are sitting.
Answer sentence: two students having a conversation on the other side of a concrete wall, which has a common sitting are on the other side.

Decoded sentence: two mickey mouse with their ears are looking at each back while spectators mice about their.
Answer sentence: two spectators are adorn with mickey mouse ears while looking back at an angle from a stadium.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing behind a counter in a white camouflage and a woman wearing white.
Answer sentence: two soldiers wearing camouflage are getting food from a woman in white as two people in white stand behind a counter watching.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers stand next to a puzzle building holding a puzzle of puzzle blocks and a truck.
Answer sentence: two soldiers stand next to a truck holding packages of games, puzzles and building blocks.

Decoded sentence: two soldiers with red shirts watch out of a woman leaning in a red center while a woman.
Answer sentence: two soldiers at an event center are watching a woman in a red shirt do push ups while another soldier leans over here.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players wearing white uniforms are trying to reach one of them and the other.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one wearing a white uniform and the other in red, try to reach the soccer ball first.

Decoded sentence: two people and a soccer players are going on the bleachers while one wearing a red team.
Answer sentence: two soccer players, one from a team wearing red and the other wearing white, are both going for the soccer ball, while people on the bleachers watch.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players are doing control of the ball and trying to get the ball for the ball.
Answer sentence: two soccer players from opposing teams trying to get control of the ball before the other player does.

Decoded sentence: two girls in blue outfits and one small girl and a small blue violet are violet with a.
Answer sentence: two small girls, one in a blue and violet dress, the other in a red striped outfit are painting with red and yellow on a piece of canvas in the street.

Decoded sentence: two construction figures are dwarfs to a large dwarves site.
Answer sentence: two small figures are dwarfed by a large construction site.

Decoded sentence: two small dogs are running across a green grass.
Answer sentence: two small dogs run across the green grass.

Decoded sentence: two children dressed in brightly water with brightly bottles sit on a stone floor.
Answer sentence: two small brightly dressed african children with water bottles are sitting on a stone floor.

Decoded sentence: two sisters visiting a farm while looking into the camera.
Answer sentence: two sisters hugging while visiting a farm and looking into the camera.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men and two men on scaffolding.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men balance on scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: two shirtless men are lined in a shirtless line of shorts and a white shirt and a white.
Answer sentence: two shirtless men are sparring while a line of men in white shirts and black shorts watch.

Decoded sentence: two women kneeling on separate one sidewalk wearing a gray and white top and a pink top.
Answer sentence: two separate women, one wearing a white top and black pants, the other wearing all black and a pair of pink flip-flops, kneel on a gray brick sidewalk path in front of green and red bushes.

Decoded sentence: two birds on a beak holding a bird and two birds in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two seagulls on water, foreground bird has object held in beak.

Decoded sentence: two divers wearing white shirts and white fins underwater with scuba equipment on the underwater.
Answer sentence: two scuba divers underwater wearing white shirts and scuba equipment along with fins on their feet.

Decoded sentence: two runners with black shirts wearing black shirts.
Answer sentence: two runners with marathon tags wearing black shirts.

Decoded sentence: two rock performers on a stage playing a rock performer in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: two rock and roll performers on stage playing their guitars performing in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two cars racing around a track track.
Answer sentence: two race cars speed around a track.

Decoded sentence: two businessmen businessmen having a conversation.
Answer sentence: two professional businessmen having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: two postal workers are handling goods with goods while handling goods.
Answer sentence: two postal workers handle canned goods with a smile.

Decoded sentence: two police are on horses on a horse.
Answer sentence: two police are on patrol on two horses.

Decoded sentence: two players in red and white uniforms and red uniforms are squatting down on a football.
Answer sentence: two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.

Decoded sentence: two players are hustle during a soccer game.
Answer sentence: two players hustle during a soccer game.

Decoded sentence: a referee throws a puck into the ice hockey as two players are throwing the puck out.
Answer sentence: two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice.

Decoded sentence: two person are repairing a bicycle.
Answer sentence: two persons repairing their bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting in a blue and blue and one in a blue suit and the audience are sitting.
Answer sentence: two people, one wearing a blue suit and the other one wearing orange is sitting in an audience.

Decoded sentence: two people walking at a field in a field of one of them looking at autumn autumn and white.
Answer sentence: two people, one in gray and one in white, sitting on a bench by a walking path looking over a field at a forest during autumn.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in red are dancing.
Answer sentence: two people, dressed in red, dancing.

Decoded sentence: two people working on a assembly line.
Answer sentence: two people working on an assembly line.

Decoded sentence: two people with hard hats standing on a brick wall.
Answer sentence: two people with hard hats on standing on a brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two people with dreadlocks dreadlocks.
Answer sentence: two people with dreadlocks.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks are standing in the crowd of high like a crowd of people taking.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks take a picture of something high above them, while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people with backpacks hiking up a dirt path next to a tree conifer.
Answer sentence: two people with backpacks hike up a rocky dirt path next to a conifer tree.

Decoded sentence: two people play in blue and white uniforms are crouching over them while people on them.
Answer sentence: two people wearing blue, red, and white football uniforms crouched over as though in play.

Decoded sentence: people walking down a dirt trail carrying a item with two people look on.
Answer sentence: two people walking down a dirt trail with backpacks on looking at items they are carrying.

Decoded sentence: two people walking outside in a nature area.
Answer sentence: two people walk outside in a nature area.

Decoded sentence: two people are crossing at a way with two cars talk around.
Answer sentence: two people talk at a cross way with many cars parked around.

Decoded sentence: two people are looking at a beautiful scene while a beautiful takes pictures.
Answer sentence: two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing out in the canyon while a canyon takes a canyon into it.
Answer sentence: two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon.

Decoded sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.
Answer sentence: two people standing on the side of a city street.

Decoded sentence: two people standing in front of a wall covered with red flowers overhead.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of vine covered wall with red flower overhead

Decoded sentence: two athletes standing in front of a rock building with graffiti painted with yellow graffiti.
Answer sentence: two people standing in front of a yellow building with a painted mural of an athlete, a rock group, and graffiti.

Decoded sentence: two people standing at a cliff edge of the snow covered.
Answer sentence: two people standing at the edge of a snow covered cliff.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting out looking at a water.
Answer sentence: two people sitting out looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two people sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on top of a river overlooking a river.
Answer sentence: two people sit on top of a cliff overlooking a river.

Decoded sentence: two people sit on a bench in front of a huge diamond with a huge necklace of hair and a.
Answer sentence: two people sit on a bench in front of a picture of a woman with long, messy hair and a huge diamond necklace.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting in a handicapped one has a ear of a eyes and a ear of people.
Answer sentence: two people sit in handicapped seats, one touching her ear while the other touches her eyes.

Decoded sentence: two people are signs a book.
Answer sentence: two people signing books.

Decoded sentence: two people are planting seeds on a farm by seeds.
Answer sentence: two people seem to be planting seeds on a farm.

Decoded sentence: two people ride a train.
Answer sentence: two people ride the train.

Decoded sentence: two colorfully people ridding a bicycle decorated.
Answer sentence: two people ridding a colorfully decorated bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two people are posing for a card while a picure picure holds a card card to the two people.
Answer sentence: two people pose for a picure holding a card that says `` know what this is ? ''

Decoded sentence: two people are playing foosball.
Answer sentence: two people play foosball.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing suits and foil set perform in front of a crowd of foil on a foil.
Answer sentence: two people performing in front of a crowd on a set of steps while wearing foil suits.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in black pants and black pants with birds on their side of a lake approaching.
Answer sentence: two people one person dressed in yellow and green with black boots and the other person have on white jacket and brown pants standing on the lake side with birds approaching them

Decoded sentence: two people on a dirt ramp jumping for a ramp with a bike in the background.
Answer sentence: two people on dirt bikes jumping dirt ramps with several people in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people on a sidewalk are eating and walking down a sidewalk vendor.
Answer sentence: two people on cellphones walk down the sidewalk while a vendor stands there and a man is eating.

Decoded sentence: two people on bicycles ride in front of a brick building with red and red bicycles.
Answer sentence: two people on bicycles sit at a corner crosswalk in front of a red brick building while another bicyclist rides by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people look like a piece of paper on a concrete.
Answer sentence: two people looking a piece of paper standing on concrete.

Decoded sentence: two people are looking over a terrace wall.
Answer sentence: two people look over a terrace wall.

Decoded sentence: two people are leaning over a fence looking at water.
Answer sentence: two people leaning over a fence looking at the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing.
Answer sentence: two people kissing.

Decoded sentence: two people are kissing on a beach.
Answer sentence: two people kiss on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two people with jousting joust are watching horses with two shields shields on horses over.
Answer sentence: two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.

Decoded sentence: the woman is watching with a man and a rainbow colored cloth.
Answer sentence: two people in the kitchen and doing the dishes in the sink, the man is drying with a rainbow colored cloth while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: two people in red shirts sit on a beach with a flag flying behind them in the beach.
Answer sentence: two people in red shirts are sitting in a lifeguard chair on a beach with an american flag flying behind them.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding a motorcycle race while a race and the two people are riding.
Answer sentence: two people in racing clothes and helmets are riding motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people in full attire with onlookers in the bleachers with onlookers are full in the.
Answer sentence: two people in full attire fencing in a gymnasium with one onlooker from the bleachers in the background.

Decoded sentence: two people in dark suits and dark suits walk with their cure in the cure of a cure race.
Answer sentence: two people in dark jogging suits walk with a group of participants in the race for the cure.

Decoded sentence: two people in colorful clothes stand at a field while looking at the ground.
Answer sentence: two people in colorful clothes are standing in a field, bent over to look at the ground.

Decoded sentence: two people in bright orange coats and dealing work on a piece of train equipment.
Answer sentence: two people in bright orange coats are working on some piece of equipment that is dealing with a train.

Decoded sentence: two children in black vests stand in front of a flag with a white flag with flags and flags.
Answer sentence: two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an american flag between them.

Decoded sentence: two people in traditional japanese suits and a man in traditional business stand back in.
Answer sentence: two people in a traditional japanese dragon costume perform in front of a small japanese shrine with a man in a business suit standing in the back watching.

Decoded sentence: two people in a canoe surrounded by large water.
Answer sentence: two people in a large canoe surrounded by water.

Decoded sentence: two people are having a motorcycle and a man in a brown jacket and brown jacket on the.
Answer sentence: two people have their heads down on a table while a man in a brown jacket looks out the window at a group of bikes and motorcycles.

Decoded sentence: two people pause near a table near a building pause in a tudor building and tudor feet.
Answer sentence: two people have paused near a table and chairs to examine something at their feet in front of a tudor style building.

Decoded sentence: two walmart people walmart at a grocery.
Answer sentence: two people grocery shopping at walmart.

Decoded sentence: two people giving a blue container outdoors in a blue bathing.
Answer sentence: two people give a dog a bath outdoors in a blue container.

Decoded sentence: two people are married in a married.
Answer sentence: two people getting married.

Decoded sentence: two people are enjoying the next to enjoy a drink.
Answer sentence: two people enjoying a drink next to there bikes.

Decoded sentence: two people dressed in sparring gear are practicing in a gymnasium.
Answer sentence: two people dressed in battle gear, are practicing sparring in a gymnasium.

Decoded sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two people climbing up a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two people are carrying bags bags.
Answer sentence: two people carrying bags walk together.

Decoded sentence: two people are canoeing down a beautiful at sunset of a beautiful river.
Answer sentence: two people canoe down a river at the time of a beautiful sunset.

Decoded sentence: two people wearing ornate costumes of red and red costumes hanging their roof in front.
Answer sentence: two people are wearing a chinese dragon costume in front of an ornate chinese gazebo with red pillars and the gazebo has two large red lanterns hanging from the roof.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog.
Answer sentence: two people are walking up a snowy hill with a dog.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking in front of a store that says 50 % sale to the same direction.
Answer sentence: two people are walking in opposite directions in front of the same store that says there is a 50 % sale.

Decoded sentence: two men and a woman are practicing gray and gray hoodie and the man in the gray hoodie.
Answer sentence: two people are training, the woman, wearing gray, is practicing punching while the man, in a brown hoodie, holds the pads she hits.

Decoded sentence: two people are talking outside of a mobile phone next to a mobile phone and shopping game.
Answer sentence: two people are talking outside of the video game shop next door to the mobile phone store.

Decoded sentence: there are two people in the water swimming items in blue and blue items as they swim items.
Answer sentence: two people are swimming in a large body of clear blue water, and there is a large red item behind them in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people stand outside of a wine shop.
Answer sentence: two people are standing outside of a wine shop.

Decoded sentence: two people stand next to a canal canal.
Answer sentence: two people are standing next to a waterway canal.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing outside a store near a store.
Answer sentence: two people are standing near a curb outside a store.

Decoded sentence: two people are standing in the foreground one of them is smoking a person 's back the back.
Answer sentence: two people are standing in a room one of whom is smoking the shots are of the back of the foreground person.

Decoded sentence: two people are coming out to the phone and two of red phones waiting for their phones in.
Answer sentence: two people are standing and waiting for someone to come out of the red phone booth in the city.

Decoded sentence: two people sit at a old cafe in front of a old building.
Answer sentence: two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.

Decoded sentence: two people of scuba diving.
Answer sentence: two people are scuba diving in blue water with lots of bubbles.

Decoded sentence: two people are riding bikes near a train track.
Answer sentence: two people are riding bikes beside train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two people are picking up a subway in front of a subway.
Answer sentence: two people are picking up their belongings in front of a subway.

Decoded sentence: two people are on top of a bed of a truck.
Answer sentence: two people are on top of the bed of a truck.

Decoded sentence: two people are on a stage playing a small stringed instrument stringed stringed instruments.
Answer sentence: two people are on a stage playing stringed instruments for a small crowd.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking with a kiss up on a old side of a building in a background.
Answer sentence: two people are kissing with old buildings on either side of them and people walking up in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children are in a river and one is lying on the river with a river and one of the other.
Answer sentence: two people are in a river, one is a standing man and the other appears to be a child lying on his stomach with his chest and head above the water.

Decoded sentence: two people are getting ready to pick up trash bags and third person holding a third bag.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a trash bag getting ready to pick up debris while a third person is looking at a camera bag.

Decoded sentence: two children are holding a large earth jump in the earth and a large earth of them ' jumping.
Answer sentence: two people are holding a large upside-down earth globe, about 4 ' in diameter, and a child appears to be jumping over antarctica.

Decoded sentence: two people are hiking on a large trail next to a large wall.
Answer sentence: two people are hiking on a trail next to a large wall.

Decoded sentence: two people are fighting around a karate type of white typical with two people in white.
Answer sentence: two people are fighting each other in some type of karate, both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating a barbecue at night.
Answer sentence: two people are eating barbecue ribs at night.

Decoded sentence: two people descend down a stone steps.
Answer sentence: two people are descending down some stone steps.

Decoded sentence: three people are demonstrating martial arts and two youngsters are demonstrating martial.
Answer sentence: two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat.

Decoded sentence: two people are dancing by a red couch.
Answer sentence: two people are dancing by a red couch.

Decoded sentence: two people walking down a large substance with bags in the ally with red substance to the.
Answer sentence: two people are carrying a large bag filled with a red substance down a ally as a figure in red walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players prepare out for a hockey.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players prepare for a face off.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players members playing the puck with the opposing team and the opposing team.
Answer sentence: two opposing hockey players make a play for the puck with opposing fans and team members watching.

Decoded sentence: two older women are in front of a city while one older gentleman looks on as one older.
Answer sentence: two older women, one on a bicycle talking in front of a sign in a city with an older gentleman looking on.

Decoded sentence: two older women sitting on a bench enjoying lunch in front of a stone building.
Answer sentence: two older women are sitting on a bench in front of a stone building and enjoying box lunches.

Decoded sentence: two young men are sitting on top of a half bench making a half of older man with half up.
Answer sentence: two older men and a young woman sit on a bench with a triangle and two half spheres making up the top of the bench.

Decoded sentence: two older drag cars look on as a drag race.
Answer sentence: two older looking cars are on a drag race strip.

Decoded sentence: two old men are on a balcony square and one is holding a small paper square.
Answer sentence: two old men are on a balcony and one is looking at a small square of paper, and the other is holding a few sheets of paper.

Decoded sentence: two officers sit on horses in a urban setting.
Answer sentence: two officers sit on horses in a urban setting.

Decoded sentence: two musicians wearing blue boas boas for the flute in a park player in blue and city.
Answer sentence: two musicians are entertaining people in a city park, the flute player is wearing a blue feather boa.

Decoded sentence: two mountaineer are looking on a snowy trail.
Answer sentence: two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.

Decoded sentence: two motorist are riding on a oddly colored vehicle over the oddly.
Answer sentence: two motorists are riding along on their vehicle that is oddly designed and colored.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclists racing around a corner racing corner.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclists racing neck and neck around a corner.

Decoded sentence: two motorcyclists inclined on a inclined track.
Answer sentence: two motorcyclist racing on an inclined track.

Decoded sentence: two motorcycle racers are racing on a motorcycle course.
Answer sentence: two motorcycle racers are driving on a race course.

Decoded sentence: two monks are walking down a steep stairs.
Answer sentence: two monks are walking down steep stairs.

Decoded sentence: two modern modern making accents for a modern building.
Answer sentence: two modern buildings made of glass and stone accent the setting.

Decoded sentence: two dogs dressed in black and white mime run towards the field while a small war dog is.
Answer sentence: two mimes dressed in black mime tug-of-war in a field while a small white dog runs between them.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play mime while the two dogs are running behind them.
Answer sentence: two mimes are playing tug-of-war while a dog is running between them.

Decoded sentence: two men in blue shirts and white caps and one man on a airport playing frisbee.
Answer sentence: two men ; one in a blue shirt and ball cap, and the other in a white shirt playing frisbee on a field near an airport.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a dark colored cherry one wearing a blue shirt and the top of a gray and.
Answer sentence: two men- one wearing a blue cap, two-toned blue shirt, and gray trousers, the other hatless and in dark-colored shorts- stand in a green cherry-picker amid utility wires and leafy tree-tops.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow coats and hard hats stand in front of a large machine.
Answer sentence: two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.

Decoded sentence: two men with sunglasses and luggage sit on a bench in front of a large yellow building.
Answer sentence: two men, one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy, are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: two men in short one with a large ring and a large ring are standing in a rodeo.
Answer sentence: two men, one with large chaps and one with short pants are standing in a rodeo ring while some men look on from outside the ring.

Decoded sentence: two men with long blue shirts are sitting outside in a blazer and one man with a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a brown hat and blue long-sleeve shirt, the other in jeans and a blazer, sit outside, facing each other.

Decoded sentence: two young men with backpacks and one with a blue bag and glasses are chatting at a gathering.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a blue bag & one with glasses, chatting with a young woman with a backpack at a gathering with other men & women.

Decoded sentence: two men with red pants and one in a gray shirt and one in a gray shirt appear to be fighting.
Answer sentence: two men, one with a beard, red t-shirt, and black pants and the other one in a gray t-shirt and black pants, appear to be fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men playing soccer with a white and white uniform with a soccer man wearing a white.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing red uniform with white stripes and the other a white uniform are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing yellow shirts and one man are pulling the horse and the yellow shirt is.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a yellow shirt and one wearing a red shirt, being pulled by horses.

Decoded sentence: two men are laying in a horizontally one with a backpack and a backpack on the log and.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a teal shirt and shin guards lay horizontally on logs with their backpacks in sight.

Decoded sentence: two men talk in front of a straw road with a blue plaid shirt and one guy wearing a tan.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a straw cone hat, blue shirt, talking with a guy in a tan sunhat, red plaid shirt, both with baskets in front of them, sitting on the side of a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing plaid shirts and black baseball hats and playing baseball with a man.
Answer sentence: two men, one wearing a cowboy hat and a black shirt and the other with his eyes closed and wearing a black baseball cap and a plaid blue shirt are playing guitars, as a woman with a plastic cup watches.

Decoded sentence: two men playing a stone and purple and purple two men are sitting on the steps and one.
Answer sentence: two men, one playing a purple guitar and the other playing an accordion, sitting on stone steps.

Decoded sentence: two men 's bald bald are one is a bald in the man is a bald is a bald man.
Answer sentence: two men, one of which is bald, in a bathroom.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in white shirts and one man are talking at a microphone screen as they.
Answer sentence: two men, one looking at a screen with a drum next to him, while the other is a man dressed in a white shirt is talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: two men are on a wooden boat in the yellow and one man is on the wooden.
Answer sentence: two men, one in yellow, are on a wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a gray shirt and one wearing a black piece of paper in a gray shirt and.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a gray shirt and one in a black shirt and orange shorts wearing glasses are reading a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: two men are operating a game in a city game while one man is operating a video gun and.
Answer sentence: two men, one in a circuit city t-shirt, the other in an m & ms t-shirt, operate video game guns.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black pants and one in a purple shirt and one in a purple shirt and.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery.

Decoded sentence: two men with white hats and one in gray and white with a gray set set for a man in a gray.
Answer sentence: two men, one dressed in black with a white hat and the other dressed in gray sweep a set of steps.

Decoded sentence: two men are holding a book and one of the two black and white are talking to each the book.
Answer sentence: two men, one black, one white, are holding books and talking.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black and black sharing a plaid stand near a brick wall as they stand.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in business suits, wearing long black coats, sharing a blue plaid umbrella, standing against a graffiti painted brick wall.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black are standing on the sidewalk by a light black and black light.
Answer sentence: two men, dressed in black, are standing on a sidewalk in an urban area while one lights a cigarette.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on a roof and two men wearing bright yellow vests.
Answer sentence: two men, both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans, are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: two men working with within a computer computer.
Answer sentence: two men working with the computer within their apartment.

Decoded sentence: two men working at a construction site.
Answer sentence: two men working together at a construction site.

Decoded sentence: two men working on a yellow volkswagen volkswagen.
Answer sentence: two men working on a yellow volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: two men working on a roof in a yellow coat.
Answer sentence: two men working on a roof in yellow coats.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on top of a tall building on a cloudy day.
Answer sentence: two men work on top of a tall building on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on a roof wearing a black and white shirt and a metal sunlight while.
Answer sentence: two men work on a metal roof in the sunlight, one man is wearing a white shirt and the other man is wearing a black shirt and holding a drill.

Decoded sentence: two men are working in the floor while one of them is working to cut the floor from the.
Answer sentence: two men work in a butcher shop ; one cuts the meat from a butchered cow, while the other hoses the floor.

Decoded sentence: response response men in front of a table with two brown response coats are on the table.
Answer sentence: two men with their heads down on a restaurant table, seemingly in response to the man with the brown suede coat in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two women with aprons in aprons at a table in front of a red animal pause as a man and.
Answer sentence: two men with red shirts and yellow aprons stand in front of a wall of colorful stuffed animals while two women pause at the table in front of it.

Decoded sentence: two men with a paddle in water.
Answer sentence: two men with paddles in the water.

Decoded sentence: two people with guitars and small man in a small guitar stand on a stage with one of the.
Answer sentence: two men with guitars and one with a microphone stand on a stage in front of a small group of people.

Decoded sentence: two men with dreadlocks are sitting on a street in a street with dreadlocks and dreadlocks.
Answer sentence: two men with dreadlocks sit on the street while a man in a hat and a man in a leather jacket stand behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men with dark hair and dark hair are eating a camera or a man wearing a black shirt.
Answer sentence: two men with dark hair wearing glasses and black shirts eat bread while holding their hands up to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using a construction wall on a wall.
Answer sentence: two men with construction uniforms are using tools on the side of a wall.

Decoded sentence: two men with colorful land are landing in the field.
Answer sentence: two men with colorful parachutes have just landed in a field.

Decoded sentence: two children with their shoulders on their shoulders.
Answer sentence: two men with children on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: two men with black rimmed glasses and bread rimmed bread.
Answer sentence: two men with black rimmed glasses making faces and eating bread.

Decoded sentence: two men playing in a red and white jersey with a man in a red jersey and one man in the.
Answer sentence: two men who play in hockey, one with a red jersey and one with a white jersey, are fist fighting each other.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and one is getting a yellow ball to hit the ball with the ball and.
Answer sentence: two men wearing yellow caution cones as hats and one is about to get hit with a ball to the head.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing uniform and trying to hit the ball with a wooden ball.
Answer sentence: two men wearing uniforms, are trying to hit the same ball with wooden sticks.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks are jumping in the air on a beach.
Answer sentence: two men wearing swimming trunks jump in the air while on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.
Answer sentence: two men wearing sandals walking.

Decoded sentence: two men with flaming hats at the top.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats with a flame at the top.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing hats and sundown are walking near a body of water.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking near a body of water during sundown.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing horseback riding horseback and a bull ride.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and ponchos ride horseback after a bull.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing silhouette hats are standing down a large body of water with their sunlight.
Answer sentence: two men wearing hats and holding canes are standing silhouetted against a large body of water with sunlight reflecting off the water and a tree to the side.

Decoded sentence: a trumpet and a trumpet is playing a trumpet.
Answer sentence: two men wearing black clothes and hats, one is playing the saxophone and one is playing the trumpet.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing silly hats and makeup and silly pipes.
Answer sentence: two men wear silly stove pipe hats and wear makeup.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing white shirts and blue plain with their logo logo on a front of a plain.
Answer sentence: two men wear plain white t-shirts and one man wears a blue one with a pink logo on the front.

Decoded sentence: two men waiting outside on a snowy night.
Answer sentence: two men waiting outside the door on a snowy night.

Decoded sentence: two men wearing gray shirts are looking down into the ledge on a ledge of a gray structure.
Answer sentence: two men that are not wearing shirts look down from ledges on the side of a gray structure.

Decoded sentence: two ladies talk to a man with a brown shirt and one of the other two older ladies are talking.
Answer sentence: two men talking to an older lady ( one with a red hat and black shirt and the other with a brown jacket.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a field and one has a notebook on the left arm.
Answer sentence: two men talk while the one on the right holds in his left arm, and the one on the right holds a notebook behind him, they are in a field.

Decoded sentence: two men sweeping the wall with a large decorated wall in the pillars.
Answer sentence: two men sweeping in a large building with decorated walls and pillars.

Decoded sentence: two men outside near a sign talking to the sign.
Answer sentence: two men stop to talk near a sign outside.

Decoded sentence: two men standing next to a building with a building.
Answer sentence: two men standing with an elephant next to a building.

Decoded sentence: two men standing on a boat while two medium men stand in the ocean behind them.
Answer sentence: two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean, as the sun sets behind them.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing at a table in front of a stone wall that has a number form of a few.
Answer sentence: two men stand at a chalkboard that forms part of a stone wall in front of a number of tables and chairs of which only a few are occupied.

Decoded sentence: two men skateboarding in a forest.
Answer sentence: two men skateboarding in the forest.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting on a couch playing music.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch, playing music together.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a couch in a room.

Decoded sentence: two men with glasses and a billboard sitting on a bench in a background.
Answer sentence: two men sitting on a bench talking, with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting in chairs waiting.
Answer sentence: two men sitting in chairs while waiting.

Decoded sentence: two men sit on a couch talking.
Answer sentence: two men sit on a couch and talk.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting next to each other on a boat in a water.
Answer sentence: two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in bright orange snowsuit are shoveling snow into a railroad track.
Answer sentence: two men shoveling snow off a railroad track dressed in bright orange snowsuits.

Decoded sentence: two men share a conversation in a park behind a short park fence.
Answer sentence: two men share a conversation in the middle of a park, behind a short fence.

Decoded sentence: two men resting together uptop mountain uptop.
Answer sentence: two men resting uptop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men are raising their arms atop a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: two men raise their arms atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: two men in construction construction are pushing a building while looking up at the desert.
Answer sentence: two men pushing wheelbarrows, two men looking at them, they are in the desert near some block construction buildings.

Decoded sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.
Answer sentence: two men posing for a picture at night.

Decoded sentence: two men playing tennis in a room with a tennis table.
Answer sentence: two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting.

Decoded sentence: two men from a white frame are playing side of a man and a white man leaps to the right.
Answer sentence: two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame.

Decoded sentence: two men play sports ball for the ball.
Answer sentence: two men playing a sport are fighting for a ball.

Decoded sentence: two men play music with a blurred violin and a man in a foreground and a blurred blurred.
Answer sentence: two men play the violin with a blurred music stand and another violinist 's hand in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men playing lacrosse and a man.
Answer sentence: two men play lacrosse or field hockey.

Decoded sentence: two men paint a busy on a busy street corner.
Answer sentence: two men paint a curb on a busy street corner.

Decoded sentence: two men in black and yellow oars in a river with two men on the river with their oars visible.
Answer sentence: two men one in yellow the other in black riding in a boat on a river, with a bucket and an oar visible.

Decoded sentence: two men are holding up a bald team in black and black and holding a piece of run.
Answer sentence: two men one bald one black headed are holding up a team player in a two piece running suit.

Decoded sentence: two men on top of a roof fixing a roof.
Answer sentence: two men on top of a roof fixing it.

Decoded sentence: two men on a snowy mountainside are cooking and cooking little man and the little man sits.
Answer sentence: two men on a snowy and rocky mountainside cook a meal while their teammates sit a little way away.

Decoded sentence: two men on a motorcycle with a bucket and a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: two men on a motorcycle with buckets and canisters.

Decoded sentence: two men on a way with a construction site in the foreground.
Answer sentence: two men on a construction site with a one way sign in the foreground

Decoded sentence: two men on a large blue body of water in the middle of a body of water.
Answer sentence: two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.

Decoded sentence: two men on a balcony are looking at the balcony and two men are pointing on each balcony.
Answer sentence: two men on a balcony look up and point at something.

Decoded sentence: two boys play chess on a floor while a young asian man sits and watches a chess floor.
Answer sentence: two men of southeast asian descent are sitting indian style on a bamboo floor, playing chess while two young boys watch in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two men near a leather building wearing construction gloves and blue gloves pulled by a.
Answer sentence: two men near a building, one smoking and pulling off a leather glove, and the other man is standing wearing a blue construction helmet.

Decoded sentence: two men are playing pool at each other while looking at the pool.
Answer sentence: two men looking at each other and playing pool.

Decoded sentence: two men are lifting a large brown dog hanging up a large black dog as a man grabs a black.
Answer sentence: two men lift a brown dog up so it can grab a large blue rope hanging down a black wall.

Decoded sentence: the man in the red shorts is kicking a block while the man in the black shorts.
Answer sentence: two men kickboxing, the man in the red shorts is kicking while the man in the black is blocking.

Decoded sentence: two men are kicking in a grassy area while others watch as they watch the man in the background.
Answer sentence: two men kick in the air at each other on a grassy area, while another man watches them in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men in yellow life jackets and sunglasses sit in a boat in a motor motor move.
Answer sentence: two men in yellow life jackets, one wearing sunglasses, are sitting in a moving motor boat.

Decoded sentence: two men in blue shirts with blue shirts and necktie stand by side by side while a man stands.
Answer sentence: two men in white shirts with suspenders, blue neckties, and gray hats, stand to the side as people walk by.

Decoded sentence: two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: two men in white robes standing in front of a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: two men in white hard hats stand inside a wall covered.
Answer sentence: two men in white hard hats are standing beside a graffiti-covered wall.

Decoded sentence: two men in scrubs stand in front of a cafe cafe with teal signs.
Answer sentence: two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign.

Decoded sentence: two men in safety safety are working.
Answer sentence: two men in safety harnesses work together.

Decoded sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.
Answer sentence: two men in red shirts talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange vests are working in a road construction.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests work in road construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange vests and hard hats are at a garage post by a garage in the garage.
Answer sentence: two men in orange vests and hard hats are at a parking garage in the uk standing by a post.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange coveralls are shoveling snow into a railroad track.
Answer sentence: two men in orange coveralls shovel snow off railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: two men in dark shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony while a lone man sits behind them.
Answer sentence: two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below.

Decoded sentence: two women in life jackets and small life jackets working on a jet in a jet jet with a jet.
Answer sentence: two men in life jackets working on a jet ski while a small boy in a life jacket and a woman look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange uniforms are shoveling snow and a man.
Answer sentence: two men in hats and orange uniforms are shoveling snow.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats on a roof of a building under a construction building.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats on the roof of a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats work at a man in a coveralls work at a ship while one points the man.
Answer sentence: two men in hard hats and work coveralls look at the docked ship one of them points at.

Decoded sentence: two men in blue shirts and pale blue shirts are standing next to a guy holding a drink.
Answer sentence: two men in dress shirts and holding drinks are standing next to a guy in a pale blue sweater over a blue dress shirt.

Decoded sentence: two men in jackets and chartreuse jackets are working on a roof of a house.
Answer sentence: two men in chartreuse jackets and dungarees are working on the roof of a house.

Decoded sentence: two men in black shirts are doing handstands on a stage.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts do handstands on a stage.

Decoded sentence: two men in black shirts are standing outdoors near a man in a grass.
Answer sentence: two men in black shirts are standing outdoors near a few other people in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two men in black outfits are having a black and black.
Answer sentence: two men in black outfits have backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men in black are walking on a net with a black team net to them from the net in the.
Answer sentence: two men in black jumped with arms raised on a tennis court, as the opposing team in white walk towards the net.

Decoded sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.
Answer sentence: two men in black jackets stand in a small boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: two men in black clothes and meat looking at a market in a market that has red meat.
Answer sentence: two men in black clothes at a meat market showing a red meat while workers in blue look on.

Decoded sentence: two men in black gloves are holding a machete while one man is holding a black and black.
Answer sentence: two men in black are clearing brush, one has black gloves and a tattoo, the other is holding a machete.

Decoded sentence: two men in hard hats and one wearing a hard hat work on a project.
Answer sentence: two men in belt harnesses are working on a construction project, though only one wears his hard hat.

Decoded sentence: two men in bright yellow shirts and baseball hats are working behind a fence.
Answer sentence: two men in baseball hats and bright yellow shirts work behind a fence.

Decoded sentence: two men in a tennis court talking on the side of a net while others are standing on a net.
Answer sentence: two men in a tennis court in a city are standing on either side of the net talking to each other.

Decoded sentence: two men in a office setting are looking out on the office and one has a prop computer and.
Answer sentence: two men in a relaxed office setting and they are both looking at their computers and one has their feet propped up on the desk.

Decoded sentence: two women in front of a giant lot of beer and carrying a lot of beer and carrying a lot.
Answer sentence: two men in a parking lot are carrying a giant beer bottle above their heads while a woman stands in front of them.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing nun pants and a bright red top is standing with a bright metal railing as.
Answer sentence: two men in a jogging race on a black top street, one man wearing a black top and pants and the other is dressed as a nun with bright red tennis shoes, while onlookers stand in a grassy area and watch from behind a waist high metal railing.

Decoded sentence: two men in germany shirts jumping over a rail at a germany rail.
Answer sentence: two men in germany jumping over a rail at the same time without shirts.

Decoded sentence: two men hold skateboards and skateboard.
Answer sentence: two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.

Decoded sentence: two men having a discussion along a intense intense.
Answer sentence: two men having an intense discussion over drinks.

Decoded sentence: two men are hanging out.
Answer sentence: two men hanging out together.

Decoded sentence: two men enjoying the pool of some pool.
Answer sentence: two men enjoying a game of pool.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in winter coats are standing in a picnic picnic getting ready to eat on.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in winter coats are standing outside in the snow in a picnic shelter, getting ready to eat.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in blue shirts and ties are dressed up in a blue shirt with a man and a.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in camouflage uniforms are standing in a shoulder with headphones and wearing.
Answer sentence: two men dressed in blue uniforms wearing headphones are standing with their arms behind their back while a man dressed in a brown camouflage uniform with a leashed dog looks over his right shoulder at several parked vehicles.

Decoded sentence: two men are doing fallen branches with their obstructing branches.
Answer sentence: two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch.

Decoded sentence: two men confer in front of a stone wall with a man confer writing on it and others are.
Answer sentence: two men confer while standing in a front of a stone wall with writing on it, while others sit at outdoor tables in the background.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a snow and one is on the snow cleaning the roof from the snow.
Answer sentence: two men cleaning snow from a roof, one 's in a lifter, while the other is actually on the roof.

Decoded sentence: two men are checking a barbecue in a barbecue oversized oversized.
Answer sentence: two men checking their barbecue in an oversized barbecue barrel.

Decoded sentence: two men celebrate a game of win.
Answer sentence: two men celebrating a win of a game.

Decoded sentence: two men carrying briefcase and briefcase in a porch on a white shirt.
Answer sentence: two men carrying a briefcase talk to another man in a white t-shirt on a porch.

Decoded sentence: two men maybe a set of play set.
Answer sentence: two men building a set like for a play maybe.

Decoded sentence: two men at a beach.
Answer sentence: two men barbecuing at a beach.

Decoded sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf.
Answer sentence: two men at a rodeo attempting to rope a calf.

Decoded sentence: two men and one man are wrestling while one is wrestling on a floor.
Answer sentence: two men are wrestling, one has the other pinned to the floor and the man on the floor is wincing in pain.

Decoded sentence: two men working under a small gold sign while two hammer frog work on the statue.
Answer sentence: two men are working together to hammer a small sign under a gold frog statue that is on the tree.

Decoded sentence: two men are working on a ladder.
Answer sentence: two men are working together on a ladder.

Decoded sentence: two men and one man are walking on a subway stop.
Answer sentence: two men are walking on the street in front of a subway stop, and one has his umbrella opened and at his side.

Decoded sentence: two men walking down a dirt road with a hunting gun and one man carrying a gun.
Answer sentence: two men are walking down a dirt road with guns, as one carries a dead animal from hunting.

Decoded sentence: two men are using a downtown area outside using a downtown area using a downtown area.
Answer sentence: two men are using phone-booths that are located shortly outside of the downtown area of a city, by some trees.

Decoded sentence: two men watch a man 's beer while a cup watches.
Answer sentence: two men are toasting a cup of beer together, while another watches.

Decoded sentence: two men are talking with each other around a man and a cemented type of building.
Answer sentence: two men are talking with each other around the corner of a cemented type of building.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing outside a automobile and taking pictures.
Answer sentence: two men are taking pictures while standing beside an automobile.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing and one wearing a body of hat and one is wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: two men are standing : one has body modifications and the other is wearing a hat.

Decoded sentence: two men possibly a small assembly one man and a small man holding a new piece of instructions.
Answer sentence: two men are standing outdoors on a sunny day holding pieces of a new item, possibly a small grill, while one of the men studies the assembly instructions.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing in a room while looking to be pointing and the left of them is pointing.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a room, pointing in opposite directions, while another man is standing in between them looking to his left.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing in a boat rescue boat.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a police rescue boat.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing in a man looking at each the stand.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a group appear to look at something.

Decoded sentence: two men dressed in black and one in a red leather dress holding a bullpen stand in the.
Answer sentence: two men are standing in a bullpen, one wearing leather chaps and holding a helmet, the other dressed in red and black.

Decoded sentence: two men are squatting at a person wearing a light bracelet and a light with a light phone.
Answer sentence: two men are squatting with one man lighting a stick from a candle flame and the other man has his hands folded looking at the ground while a person wearing a bracelet has a phone to their ear.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting on a computer and working.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting working on their computers.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting on a ground going over a backpack.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting on the ground and going through their backpacks.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting in a cafe cafe.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting by themselves in a cafe.

Decoded sentence: two men sit at a table with sparklers of sparklers that are slicing the man and the man.
Answer sentence: two men are sitting at a table in a restaurant, one man has a slice of cake with a sparkler as a candle.

Decoded sentence: two men sitting and playing cement steps with spectators on the left structure.
Answer sentence: two men are singing and playing guitars outside a cement structure with spectators sitting on steps on their left.

Decoded sentence: two men enjoy a show and two of them are enjoying them.
Answer sentence: two men are showing a fighting move while one man appears not to be enjoying it too much.

Decoded sentence: two men are riding on horses through a street.
Answer sentence: two men are riding on horses through the street.

Decoded sentence: there are two men playing money on a street while a man and two dogs are playing money.
Answer sentence: two men are playing a guitar for money on the street, and there are dogs on leashes around them.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a distance looking on the distance.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach looking in the distance.

Decoded sentence: two men are at a beach in a air with two men bending down on the beach.
Answer sentence: two men are on a beach bending down with one foot and one arm in the air at the same time.

Decoded sentence: two men with arch arms are making a duck as they are making the duck.
Answer sentence: two men are making an arch with their arms and a third man is ducking beneath it.

Decoded sentence: two men are involved in a sword sword.
Answer sentence: two men are involved in sword fighting.

Decoded sentence: two men are working together to 7200 up the air at a john machine while a man in a 7200.
Answer sentence: two men are here and working together at the john deere 7200 type of machine or vehicle outside in the open air.

Decoded sentence: two men are helping a stream and crossing a stream.
Answer sentence: two men are helping another man cross a stream.

Decoded sentence: two men are cooking in a field with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: two men are cooking outside in a field with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: two children on a nice neighborhood are carrying a neighborhood on their backs to a nice.
Answer sentence: two men are carrying children on their backs down the street on a sunny day in a nice neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: two men are at a counter filled : form of them on it.
Answer sentence: two men are at polling place counter, filling out forms : while a clerk in a red shirt and black pants waits on them.

Decoded sentence: two young men and a young lady with red hair playing wii.
Answer sentence: two men and a young lady with red hair play wii together in the living room on a black leather sofa.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing hats and a man carrying a wet jacket and the man wearing a wet jacket.
Answer sentence: two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets, hats, and the woman carries an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: two martial artists are sparring on a martial tie.
Answer sentence: two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on.

Decoded sentence: two men are standing in a window behind a mannequin playing a break while two mannequin.
Answer sentence: two mannequins are standing in the window behind a man who is taking a break from playing an instrument.

Decoded sentence: two males wearing white and black are running through a cloudy run on a cloudy day.
Answer sentence: two males running, one wearing red and white, the other navy blue and black, outside on a cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: two males are sitting on a dock playing a dock and one of them is standing by the dock.
Answer sentence: two males are sitting on a dock, one of which is playing guitar, and another two are standing in front of them.

Decoded sentence: two male workers talking outside a building.
Answer sentence: two male worker talking outside their building.

Decoded sentence: two people in a swimming trunks are laying on the beach and the beach in the background.
Answer sentence: two male friends in swimming trunks jump on the beach while people in the background lay in the sand.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in black pants and black pants perform a routine while performing in.
Answer sentence: two male dancers dressed in blue shirts and black pants perform a routine in front of six women sitting beside them.

Decoded sentence: two little league players are next to a base in a field.
Answer sentence: two little league players are next to a base in the field.

Decoded sentence: two little kids in a stroller are kissing a little makeup and the little makeup is kissing.
Answer sentence: two little kids in strollers have face makeup on like the band `` kiss ''.

Decoded sentence: two little kids are trying to probably probably in new black and black probably on the.
Answer sentence: two little kids are trying out their new cameras which probably were given by the women in black.

Decoded sentence: two little girls dressed in pink and pink on a jungle gym.
Answer sentence: two little girls, both dressed in pink, play on the jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two little girls sharing a book and crayons while a little girl sharing a book.
Answer sentence: two little girls share a coloring book and crayons while sitting together at the table.

Decoded sentence: two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house.
Answer sentence: two little girls play in a yellow inflatable house.

Decoded sentence: two little girls are sitting on a boat watching the shore of the little girl is watching.
Answer sentence: two little girls in bathing suits sit on the shore of a lake, watching someone fishing from a boat.

Decoded sentence: two younger girls wearing pink pajamas are on a hairnet stand in the floor as one of them.
Answer sentence: two little girls are playing in their house, one is on the floor grinning evilly wearing pink pajamas and the younger one is standing over her wearing a hairnet and mask and purple pajamas.

Decoded sentence: two boys and a little boy are sitting on a grass.
Answer sentence: two little children, one boy and one girl, laugh as they sit on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two little children walking and walking down the steps.
Answer sentence: two little children are walking up some steps to get into an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two little boys with blue pants and blue pants are playing on a train with a hardwood floor.
Answer sentence: two little boys, one with blue pants and shirt, and the other with blue shirt and gray pants, are playing with thomas the train toys on a hardwood floor.

Decoded sentence: two little boys are in a martial arts match out of the waist one of them delivers a little.
Answer sentence: two little boys, from the waist up, in a martial arts match, one delivering a punch and the other blocking.

Decoded sentence: two boys climbing into a little boy in a gray setting car climbing into a little boy.
Answer sentence: two little boys climbing into the gray van and the third little boy secure in his car set.

Decoded sentence: two little boys are sitting on a baby and two little boys are seated on the outside.
Answer sentence: two little boys and a baby girl sit on a striped seat outside.

Decoded sentence: two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles of the little boy and the boy is.
Answer sentence: two little black boys are playing with plastic bottles and having a lot of fun.

Decoded sentence: two cars on a colorful racing car lined.
Answer sentence: two lines of colorful cars racing on a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs playfully attempting to bite a large dog.
Answer sentence: two large dogs attempt to bite each other playfully.

Decoded sentence: two large dogs play in a grassy area.
Answer sentence: two large dogs are playing in a large grassy area.

Decoded sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two large brown dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children at a blue bridge one of them is playing a blue and blue dress and the lady.
Answer sentence: two ladies, one dressed in purple and one in blue, are playing london bridges outside with a group of children.

Decoded sentence: two ladies in sunhats walk down a large street.
Answer sentence: two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street.

Decoded sentence: two men in casual dresses stand next to each street while a man in casual walks down the.
Answer sentence: two ladies in casual dresses are walking down a street at night, while a couple of men stand next to a row of motorbikes.

Decoded sentence: two ladies dancing on a stage.
Answer sentence: two ladies dancing on stage.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are walking on a road.
Answer sentence: two ladies are walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are seated at a table with scissors observe the opposite scissors and one of.
Answer sentence: two ladies are seated opposite of each other at a craft table with books, papers, and scissors in front of them as one is observing the other 's work.

Decoded sentence: two ladies cross the street in front of a restaurant.
Answer sentence: two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen talk and talk as they talk in opposite kitchen site.
Answer sentence: two ladies are cooking & talking and two gentlemen are talking in the opposite site of the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two laborers working on a roof with a bright blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: two laborers are working on a roof with a bright blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: two kids with helmets on their cups looking towards one playing a nerf towards a cup.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets playing with nerf swords while one looks on drinking from a plastic cup.

Decoded sentence: a kid and a helmet are outside with a helmet and one is helmet.
Answer sentence: two kids with helmets on sitting outside while one looks down and the other straight ahead.

Decoded sentence: two kids wearing dark arts hair and a blond boy wearing a dark arts and white robe practicing.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing white robes are practicing martial arts ; boy on the left has blond-hair and is blocking a punch thrown by the dark-haired boy on the right.

Decoded sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts are standing next to a body of water while one wearing.
Answer sentence: two kids wearing hooded sweatshirts stand next to a body of water, as one throws something into the water.

Decoded sentence: two kids running down a beach dune by the sand.
Answer sentence: two kids running down a sand dune to the beach.

Decoded sentence: two kids play soccer in a field.
Answer sentence: two kids play soccer in a field.

Decoded sentence: two kids play hockey on a pond.
Answer sentence: two kids play hockey on a pond.

Decoded sentence: two kids in green tree.
Answer sentence: two kids in a green tree.

Decoded sentence: two kids are looking up and one is on a stool with a white shirt and a white shirt on the.
Answer sentence: two kids are looking up, one has no shirt and the other has on a white shirt with a stool on his head.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a crowded steps using a crowd of people and flaming torches.
Answer sentence: two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: two shotgun men with prey shoot on their muddy road and carrying prey shooting on muddy.
Answer sentence: two jacketed men with double-barreled shotguns carry home prey that they have shot on a hunting trip on a muddy country road.

Decoded sentence: two infant are at a play in the yard.
Answer sentence: two infants are at play in the yard.

Decoded sentence: two individuals and two individuals wrestle on a cement floor while onlookers playfully.
Answer sentence: two individuals, one male and one unknown, playfully wrestle on a cement floor while five onlookers smile.

Decoded sentence: two individuals on the beach are jumping up with their arms spread and spread open.
Answer sentence: two individuals on a beach jumping up with their arms and legs spread wide open.

Decoded sentence: two individuals are working food booth.
Answer sentence: two individuals are working a food booth.

Decoded sentence: two women pull horses in a cart.
Answer sentence: two horses are pulling a woman in a cart.

Decoded sentence: two jockeys race each other in a checkered checkered checkered race and one in a checkered.
Answer sentence: two horse racing jockeys, one in checkered blue and red and the other in orange and brown, are racing against a blurry background.

Decoded sentence: two hockey teams are showing to make a goal at the two team of white and white team show.
Answer sentence: two hockey teams are shown at the goal where the white team is stopping a goal being made by the blue team.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players are competing for a puck while the goalie is competing in front of the.
Answer sentence: two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net.

Decoded sentence: two hockey players in white are competing against a hockey player in a white and white.
Answer sentence: two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck.

Decoded sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes and dark clothes resting on a peak.
Answer sentence: two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.

Decoded sentence: two healthy healthy are playing in a field.
Answer sentence: two healthy horses play in a field.

Decoded sentence: two guys are in a gray shirt and one wearing a gray shirt and the guy in a gray shirt are.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a white shirt and one wearing a gray shirt, are in the street in front of a white van, one motioning towards the camera while the other claps.

Decoded sentence: two guys wearing blue jerseys and one guy wearing blue jerseys and the other is playing.
Answer sentence: two guys, one wearing a blue jacket and the other wearing a red jersey play the trumpet together.

Decoded sentence: two guys in blue shirts and maroon shirts sitting on a video game playing a game.
Answer sentence: two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.

Decoded sentence: two guys with matching red suits and one wearing black and black and white suits are having.
Answer sentence: two guys, both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt, they are having a match.

Decoded sentence: two guys with fake facial hair stand together facial facial hair.
Answer sentence: two guys with fake facial hair stand together.

Decoded sentence: two guys sorting through a sort.
Answer sentence: two guys sorting through some items.

Decoded sentence: two blond guys jamming long hair and one guy on the second is performing a concert.
Answer sentence: two guys performing rock concert, one has short blond-hair who is singing, and the second has long blond-hair and is jamming out on his guitar.

Decoded sentence: two guys are playing at the wooden screen and looking for the drums and the big presumably.
Answer sentence: two guys looking at the screen of a tv while one sings, ( presumably ) and the other plays a set of big wooden drums.

Decoded sentence: two guys in blue shirts stand on top of a guy doing a construction surface.
Answer sentence: two guys in blue shirts are standing on top of a construction surface doing construction work.

Decoded sentence: the guy has two black shaving on his shirt and shaving his black shirt and one in a black.
Answer sentence: two guys in a mirror, one has no shirt on and the other has a black shirt and it shaving.

Decoded sentence: two guys in orange shirts and orange lockers lockers in a room.
Answer sentence: two guys in a locker room, the guy in the orange shirt laughing.

Decoded sentence: two guys in a boat along the ocean.
Answer sentence: two guys in a boat sailing along the ocean.

Decoded sentence: two guys getting drinks at a counter counter.
Answer sentence: two guys getting a drink at a store counter.

Decoded sentence: two guys are standing in a blue and black and one guy in a black shirt standing back to.
Answer sentence: two guys barbecuing, one in blue shirt bending down, while the other in black shorts stands facing his back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: two guys are on skateboards in a wooded.
Answer sentence: two guys are on skateboards in the woods.

Decoded sentence: two men are in a black and black pants and one of the men are holding up to a guy and khaki.
Answer sentence: two guys against a wall, one is in black pants and is upside down, the other man is in khaki rolled up pants holding the other one up.

Decoded sentence: two golfers from two golfers are looking into the distance.
Answer sentence: two golfers look off into the distance with hands blocking the sun.

Decoded sentence: two golden retriever running in a snowy desert.
Answer sentence: two golden retrievers running in a slightly snowy desert.

Decoded sentence: two brown women and a woman are pulling a golden horse in a golden coat.
Answer sentence: two golden brown horses pull a sleigh driven by a woman in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the foreground is wearing a black shirt and khaki shorts with a black and black.
Answer sentence: two girls, the one in the background is wearing black, while the other girl in the foreground is wearing khaki shorts, a purple shirt and sneakers and gesturing like she is blowing a kiss.

Decoded sentence: two girls with blue shirts and black upper holding a upper black girl with a black belt.
Answer sentence: two girls with their arms holding a girl with a blue shirt and black belt around her upper body.

Decoded sentence: two women with short hair and purple shorts are smiling.
Answer sentence: two girls with purple hair and a short-haired woman are smiling.

Decoded sentence: two girls walking through a alley.
Answer sentence: two girls walking through an alley.

Decoded sentence: two girls are sitting on stairs talking.
Answer sentence: two girls talking while sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: three boys are wearing blue jeans and blue jeans and a girl on a swing swing.
Answer sentence: two girls swing on with a boy, all three are wearing blue shirts of the same shade and blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: two girls are standing in a puddle on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls stand in a puddle on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two girls in black and black striped dresses are playing hula hoops in a gray hoop.
Answer sentence: two girls one in a gray dress the other in a black striped dress are playing with hula hoops.

Decoded sentence: two girls are lifting a third lift.
Answer sentence: two girls lift a third girl.

Decoded sentence: two boys in matching black and white shirts and black and white shirts are smaller smaller.
Answer sentence: two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing black shirts and one girl are facing each other while one of them is.
Answer sentence: two girls facing each other one has a skull face bag wearing a red and black shirt, the other is wearing a beaded belt.

Decoded sentence: two girls are crouching in front of a girl on a phone.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones.

Decoded sentence: two girls are crouching in front of a small shrubbery of shrubbery.
Answer sentence: two girls crouch in front of a garden of small shrubbery.

Decoded sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.
Answer sentence: two girls climbing on a fence.

Decoded sentence: two girls walking along a street talking.
Answer sentence: two girls are walking along the street and talking.

Decoded sentence: two girls are sitting on a home floor in a home while one of them is doing a home and the.
Answer sentence: two girls are sitting in their home and one of them is sitting on a chair, the other on the floor getting her hair done.

Decoded sentence: two girls playing soccer wearing shorts and one with a green shirt and the number of a.
Answer sentence: two girls are playing soccer and one is wearing a white shirt with green shorts showing the number 4, while the other girl is wearing a red and white shirt.

Decoded sentence: two girls are standing in a crowd looking up and looking in different directions.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking past each other in different directions while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: two girls are looking at a beach investigate shells and one is pointing at a shell of the.
Answer sentence: two girls are looking for shells on a beach, one looks at what the other is pointing at and is investigating.

Decoded sentence: two girls are in a bathing suit.
Answer sentence: two girls are in a bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: two girls wearing white tops and one is on top of the floor.
Answer sentence: two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her.

Decoded sentence: two women and a woman walking on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two girls and a woman walking on the sidewalk

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen in suits are talking to each the gentleman.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in suits talk while enjoying a drink.

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen in baseball shirts and baseball caps are working on a engine in a vw beetle.
Answer sentence: two gentlemen in baseball caps and shirts, work on the engine of an old, rusted vw beetle.

Decoded sentence: two gentlemen racing on tight motorcycles and one gentleman on a purple motorcycle and.
Answer sentence: two gentleman, one on a purple motorcycle one on a green one, racing around a tight right hand turn.

Decoded sentence: two friends are embracing next to a closed shop.
Answer sentence: two friends next to a closed shop door embrace.

Decoded sentence: two different women are selling food and black are selling food and black foreign food.
Answer sentence: two foreign women, both wearing black, selling different types of foods.

Decoded sentence: two individuals walk in similar attire and hard attire behind them.
Answer sentence: two foreground individuals in hard hats wear portable tanks as they walk behind someone in similar attire.

Decoded sentence: two football players compete for a ball while the teammate is competing on the ball.
Answer sentence: two football players compete for the ball while another teammate looks on.

Decoded sentence: two football players chase the ball and ball.
Answer sentence: two football players chase after a the ball.

Decoded sentence: two firemen are hose a hose on a hose.
Answer sentence: two firemen turning the water on in the hoses.

Decoded sentence: two firemen standing next to a dark in a firetruck.
Answer sentence: two firemen standing next a firetruck in the dark.

Decoded sentence: two females wearing white tops and one female black shorts and black shorts are posing.
Answer sentence: two females, one wearing a yellow dress, the other wearing a white top and black shorts posing for a picture.

Decoded sentence: two females walking down a street with a shopping bag.
Answer sentence: two females walking down the street with shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: two females in bikinis are playing tennis while a female towel and the female is watching.
Answer sentence: two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches.

Decoded sentence: two females walking down a very street wearing short top and a very short top.
Answer sentence: two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: two females on a white field with a rugby and white uniforms are playing on the field with.
Answer sentence: two females are playing rugby on a field, one with a blue uniform and one with a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: two female members of a female team and a usa are jumping high surrounded by a usa team.
Answer sentence: two female members of team usa performing a jump high-five surrounded by two other female members.

Decoded sentence: two female cheerleaders are lifting a female lift into the air while doing a female cheer.
Answer sentence: two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders.

Decoded sentence: two boots wearing a yellow and yellow boots on the ski.
Answer sentence: two feet wearing yellow ski boots on ski

Decoded sentence: people dressed up and watching a young lady dressed in a park fashionably as a lady sits.
Answer sentence: two fashionably dressed young ladies sit back to back on a wall in a city park watching people around them.

Decoded sentence: two elderly women examine a cake on a table.
Answer sentence: two elderly women examine a cake on a table.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts and blue shirts sitting by a rock formation.
Answer sentence: two elderly people wearing blue shirts are sitting by a rock formation, socializing while they eat.

Decoded sentence: two elderly people are sitting in chairs on a train chair.
Answer sentence: two elderly people sit in handicapped chairs on a train.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are waiting patiently to return the dog to return for a building.
Answer sentence: two dogs, that are tied to the building, patiently wait for their master to return.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in a backyard.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle with a toy in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs wrestle in a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are trying to reach the opposite direction while they are trying to reach in the.
Answer sentence: two dogs try to reach each other as their human companions pull them in opposite directions by their leashes.

Decoded sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two dogs standing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are standing on a basketball person surrounded by two horses deflated on the sand.
Answer sentence: two dogs stand on sand surrounded by water, a deflated basketball and a person on a horse.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are splashing through the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs splash through the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs shaking off water on a beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs running around a river in a swimming river in a river.
Answer sentence: two dogs running near a river while one dogs in swimming in it.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through a field.
Answer sentence: two dogs run through a field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running on side.
Answer sentence: two dogs run side-by-side on the grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running down the road.
Answer sentence: two dogs run down the road.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running along a grassy field while one is biting the other is biting.
Answer sentence: two dogs run along a grassy field while one bites the other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are playing outdoors.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing outdoors

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the water on the beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in water on the beach

Decoded sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at a beach.
Answer sentence: two dogs playing in the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play in the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs play in the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs on a leash and strains to walk toward the straining toward the straining.
Answer sentence: two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.

Decoded sentence: two dogs in the water.
Answer sentence: two dogs in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in the street.

Decoded sentence: two men fighting in a forest with a forest in the background and a man in jeans.
Answer sentence: two dogs fighting in a forest, with the legs of two men in jeans in the background

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through the surf.
Answer sentence: two dogs are running through the surf.

Decoded sentence: two dogs play rough in a green field of rough grass.
Answer sentence: two dogs are playing rough in a green field of grass.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are on a fangs show with one of them is showing the carpet.
Answer sentence: two dogs are on a white carpet with one of the dogs showing its fangs.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are leaping into a pool while a yellow dog is trying to fetch of a yellow toy.
Answer sentence: two dogs are leaping into a swimming pool trying to fetch the yellow toy that is floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red and red frisbee.
Answer sentence: two dogs are fighting over a red frisbee outside.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow rubber boots are sitting next to a pipe.
Answer sentence: two construction workers wearing yellow rubber boots are sitting next to some pipes.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers sitting on a wave while a construction sits pipe.
Answer sentence: two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves, obscuring his face.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers operate a street machine steaming.
Answer sentence: two construction workers operate a machine that steams the street.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are doing a job.
Answer sentence: two construction workers doing their job.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers cutting the road of a concrete road.
Answer sentence: two construction workers cutting a piece of concrete road.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers assist in a truck dump at a dump truck in a urban site.
Answer sentence: two construction workers assist in the loading of a dump truck at an urban construction site.

Decoded sentence: two construction workers are digging up on a road.
Answer sentence: two construction workers are digging up pavement on a road.

Decoded sentence: two clowns dressed in elaborate clothing stand with instruments.
Answer sentence: two clowns dressed in makeup and elaborate clothing stand together with their instruments.

Decoded sentence: two climbers are climbing and two steep peaks climbers are attempting to climb a steep.
Answer sentence: two climbers attempting to climb a steep, snow-covered peak, nearing the top, where two other climbers await them.

Decoded sentence: two children running toward a dilapidated with a dilapidated tent in the background.
Answer sentence: two children, running toward the photographer, with a dilapidated tents in the background.

Decoded sentence: a child of a child one is holding a child standing on the beach while two children are.
Answer sentence: two children, one of which is holding a stick, are standing on the beach as the sun begins to set.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing winter coats and older younger boy are walking down a sidewalk as.
Answer sentence: two children, an older boy and a younger girl, are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats.

Decoded sentence: two male nurses care and they play the baby 's care.
Answer sentence: two children, a male and a female, playing doctor and nurse, pretending to care for a baby.

Decoded sentence: two children in blue suits and jumper jumper are having a conversation in a hallway while.
Answer sentence: two children, a boy in a blue shorts suit and a girl in a blue jumper, have a conversation in the hallway of a church.

Decoded sentence: two children with yellow umbrellas and yellow umbrellas in the bathtub.
Answer sentence: two children with a yellow and blue umbrella play in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing hats hanging over a bamboo tree.
Answer sentence: two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees.

Decoded sentence: two children are walking down a path into a wooded.
Answer sentence: two children walk down a path into the woods.

Decoded sentence: two young children with skateboards and blue designs on the park talking to jump into a.
Answer sentence: two children talk at a skateboard park while a young man does a jump on a blue designed skateboard.

Decoded sentence: two children running with shoes on.
Answer sentence: two children running with no shoes on.

Decoded sentence: two children running in a field with a kite running in the background.
Answer sentence: two children running in a field with a kite there is a fence in the background and mountains

Decoded sentence: two children run towards a lagoon.
Answer sentence: two children run towards the lagoon.

Decoded sentence: two children running and playing in the grass.
Answer sentence: two children run and play in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children are riding tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.
Answer sentence: two children ride their tricycles on a sidewalk in front of a brightly painted wall.

Decoded sentence: two children play in a sand at a beach drawn in green and one in the sand drawn two children.
Answer sentence: two children playing at a beach, one in pink, drawing in the sand and the second child, in green, standing in the water.

Decoded sentence: two children are lying on a bench and four children are lying on the bench.
Answer sentence: two children lie on puffy benches at a museum while four adults look on.

Decoded sentence: two children in surgical pajamas stand on a wood floor as a older child surgical up the.
Answer sentence: two children in their pajamas one has a mask and hairnet like a surgical nurse and is standing over the older child who is laying down on the wood floor.

Decoded sentence: two children are holding up a peace sign while holding signs.
Answer sentence: two children holding up peace signs and smiling.

Decoded sentence: two children eating food.
Answer sentence: two children eating food.

Decoded sentence: two children are reading a stone with a dialect while two children in the background reading.
Answer sentence: two children display a stone with dialect on it while people in the background are reading.

Decoded sentence: two children are showing upside down.
Answer sentence: two children are shown upside down.

Decoded sentence: two children play with a kite wide open in a countryside countryside.
Answer sentence: two children are playing with a kite out in wide open countryside.

Decoded sentence: two children play on a makeshift swing barrel.
Answer sentence: two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: two children are on a beach playing in the sand while a wet child.
Answer sentence: two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand.

Decoded sentence: two children are looking at a exciting exciting show that has a exciting adult.
Answer sentence: two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.

Decoded sentence: two children are laughing in a grass.
Answer sentence: two children are laughing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: two children climbing a airplane climbing stairs.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing stairs which lead to an airplane.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing on a green wall whilst playing a ball with a green ball and green.
Answer sentence: two children are climbing on the wall of a white building whilst one child plays with a green ball.

Decoded sentence: two children are at a bowl pouring water and bowls.
Answer sentence: two children are at a sink and pouring water into a bowl.

Decoded sentence: two children play in the snow out the black and black dog are playing in the snow.
Answer sentence: two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two cheerleaders in blue tops and dark top are dark.
Answer sentence: two cheerleaders in dark blue pants and bra style top with yellow pompoms mid cheer.

Decoded sentence: two women talking to face with a building beyond the face of a beyond on the wall.
Answer sentence: two buildings beyond a concrete wall facing a walkway with a woman talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two brunette ladies wearing white flowing dresses and flowing son walk to the golf of a.
Answer sentence: two brunette ladies walking wearing white flowing dress passes by a huge billboard of a father and son playing golf.

Decoded sentence: two brown and brown dogs jump their fence.
Answer sentence: two brown and black dogs are jumping a fence.

Decoded sentence: two brightly colored colored stand outside of a pub.
Answer sentence: two brightly colored chickens stand outside of a pub.

Decoded sentence: two boys and a girl are riding ready to ride in a park park.
Answer sentence: two boys, two girls, strapped in and ready for an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: two boys in red and white uniforms fight over control of a soccer ball in a red and white.
Answer sentence: two boys, one in a red and one in a white uniform, fight for control over the ball during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: two boys with unicycles unicycles are standing outside of a shop.
Answer sentence: two boys with unicycles stand outside of a street shop.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing yellow jackets and red boots are digging into the dirt while a smaller.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt, the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets and white life jackets are sitting on a deck of a.
Answer sentence: two boys wearing orange life jackets with white dots, are sitting on what appears to be the deck of a boat

Decoded sentence: two boys trying to fruit on a dirt road while a fruit attached.
Answer sentence: two boys try to attach fruits to a bicycle on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: two boys are splashing in the big ocean.
Answer sentence: two boys splash in the big ocean.

Decoded sentence: two boys are drinking next to a fountain in a park.
Answer sentence: two boys sand next to a drinking fountain in a park.

Decoded sentence: two boys are posing in front of a chain link fence attached to a grown boy and two boys.
Answer sentence: two boys pose in front of a prehistoric garden sign that is attached to a chain link fence, while shrubbery grows in the background.

Decoded sentence: two boys playing a rock shore in a teal shirt with a teal shirt and a teal boy throwing.
Answer sentence: two boys playing around the shores of a lake with one boy in a teal shirt throwing rocks into the lake.

Decoded sentence: two boys perform a lunch scene in a room that appears to be kissing.
Answer sentence: two boys performing what appears to be a kissing scene in lunch room.

Decoded sentence: two boys posing next to a silly sign.
Answer sentence: two boys make silly poses next to a sign.

Decoded sentence: two boys are kicking around a ball in a meadow.
Answer sentence: two boys kick around a ball in a meadow.

Decoded sentence: two boys in black and black trunks are holding a arms to the beach on a beach.
Answer sentence: two boys in black swimming trunks are holding another boy by his arms and legs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two boys are standing in a street with two black shorts and one boy has a gray and black.
Answer sentence: two boys are standing in the middle of the street, the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward.

Decoded sentence: two boys receiving ready to receive at a tennis match.
Answer sentence: two boys are ready to receive a ball at a tennis match.

Decoded sentence: two boys play in the sprinkler.
Answer sentence: two boys are playing in a sprinkler.

Decoded sentence: two boys participate in a relay race with batons.
Answer sentence: two boys are participating in a relay race with a baton.

Decoded sentence: two boys jump while they take a photo as they take a photo.
Answer sentence: two boys and two girls jump as they have their photo taken.

Decoded sentence: two blond people are sitting outside a casual and they walk a casual clothing.
Answer sentence: two blond women sit outside as people walk by wearing casual clothing and some wearing bookbags.

Decoded sentence: two blond women sitting at a table with platters of red and glasses while a blond banquet.
Answer sentence: two blond women serve themselves from a platter while sitting at a banquet table with glasses of red wine.

Decoded sentence: two blond women in red shirts stand facing away from the camera at a crowd of a crowd.
Answer sentence: two blond women in red shirt facing away from the camera, standing at the edge of a seated crowd.

Decoded sentence: two blond boys in camouflage shirts fight while one of them is having a blue and blue shirt.
Answer sentence: two blond boys, one in a camouflage shirt and the other in blue, are having a water fight.

Decoded sentence: two women in black uniforms.
Answer sentence: two black women in fancy uniforms

Decoded sentence: two black women watching a performance.
Answer sentence: two black women are watching a performance.

Decoded sentence: two black men examine a table with a black plank examine a wood table.
Answer sentence: two black men standing near table with planks of wood and examining something.

Decoded sentence: two u men in black uniforms are on a balcony balcony.
Answer sentence: two black men in u.s. military uniform are on a balcony.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs are splashing around on the beach.
Answer sentence: two black dogs splash around on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two black dogs are running on the pavement.
Answer sentence: two black dogs are running on pavement

Decoded sentence: two bikers wearing red and black uniforms pedal on a road.
Answer sentence: two bikers wearing black and red uniforms pedal as they race on the road.

Decoded sentence: two campers riders are riding a bike through a park filled with bikes and a camper.
Answer sentence: two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.

Decoded sentence: two people riding down a street talking and riding a street.
Answer sentence: two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking.

Decoded sentence: two beige dogs play in the snow.
Answer sentence: two beige dogs are playing in the snow.

Decoded sentence: two baseball players are standing at the mound while another pitcher is whispering by the.
Answer sentence: two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another.

Decoded sentence: two young african boys are sitting on a stone floor holding a second boy in a blue clothing.
Answer sentence: two barefoot young african boys in brightly colored clothing are sitting on a stone floor, one holding a clear bottle of water with a second, blue bottle on the floor between his legs.

Decoded sentence: two barefoot girls are walking barefoot with a girl.
Answer sentence: two barefoot girls are taking a walk with their parents

Decoded sentence: two bald men are sitting at a bald window in front of a red and red and red and red curtain.
Answer sentence: two bald men, one sitting at a computer and the other behind him, in front of red window curtains.

Decoded sentence: two men and a bald man are working on a bed next to a bald bed in a bedroom.
Answer sentence: two bald men in a bedroom with one man working on a desktop computer and the observing while seated on the bed next to him.

Decoded sentence: two athletes with blue shirts and one jumping the other with a red cameraman and the other.
Answer sentence: two athletes, one with red shorts and shirt and the other with blue shorts jumping through hurdles with cameramen behind them snapping photos.

Decoded sentence: two asian women are laughing and laughing.
Answer sentence: two asian women smiling and laughing.

Decoded sentence: two asian people and a woman pass a man in front of a glass window car.
Answer sentence: two asian or spanish people, a woman and a man, sitting together in front of a glass window as cars pass.

Decoded sentence: two asian men are walking down a hallway as they walk down the hallway as they walk towards.
Answer sentence: two asian girls are smiling and running down a hallway as another girl and man walk behind them.

Decoded sentence: two asian females go their female.
Answer sentence: two asian females go walking.

Decoded sentence: two male and a female person with dark clothes walk across a street with a gray image in.
Answer sentence: two adults, one female in white, with shades and one male, gray clothes, walking across a street, away from a eatery with a blurred image of a dark colored red shirted person in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: two children and a clown clown walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: two adults, a child, and a clown walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two adults on a downtown downtown.
Answer sentence: two adults on cellphones downtown.

Decoded sentence: two children teaching a peace sign to the two adults holding a peace sign.
Answer sentence: two adults hold a sign which says `` teaching children for peace ''.

Decoded sentence: two adults are working on a piece of wood.
Answer sentence: two adults are working on a piece of wood

Decoded sentence: two boys and a little boy are sitting on a porch in front of a nature scene.
Answer sentence: two adults and a little boy sit on a homey exterior porch in front of an exotic flora and fauna nature scene.

Decoded sentence: two couples bets bets bets on a casino table.
Answer sentence: two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table.

Decoded sentence: two rubbish men standing on a rubbish truck.
Answer sentence: two rubbish men standing on their truck loading trash.

Decoded sentence: two coupling coupling a large coupling pipe.
Answer sentence: two pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling.

Decoded sentence: two mexican guys are standing on a field of machetes while one guy in the mexican has a.
Answer sentence: two mexican guys standing on outskirts of a field, one has a machete knife and the other has cigarette in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: two indian women carrying head on their heads.
Answer sentence: two indian women loading bricks to carry on their heads.

Decoded sentence: two german shepherd playing with sticks.
Answer sentence: two german shepherds playing with a stick.

Decoded sentence: two chinese women at a store purchasing money to purchase for a third chinese store.
Answer sentence: two chinese women at the cash and rap store third women counting her money for her purchase.

Decoded sentence: two contest are engaged in a contest as they wait for a train.
Answer sentence: two asians engage in a staring contest while they wait for the train.

Decoded sentence: there are two asian women completing a task as they complete a beautiful background.
Answer sentence: two asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: two asian women including a woman at a farmers market and produce to sell produce to sell.
Answer sentence: two asian women and an asian girl are sitting at a farmers market and are selling produce including yams.

Decoded sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in a crowd of motorcycles full of motorcycles.
Answer sentence: two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in the midst of a crowd full of other motorcycle riders.

Decoded sentence: two asian males are celebrating a birthday cake with sparkling layered and candles and.
Answer sentence: two asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle.

Decoded sentence: two asian girls begging begging in front of a billboard.
Answer sentence: two asian girls hold a trash beg in front of a billboard.

Decoded sentence: two asian elder play chess on a bench.
Answer sentence: two asian elders are playing chinese chess on a bench.

Decoded sentence: two african african hats are standing on a guitar and one is wearing a cowboy hat and a.
Answer sentence: two african americans are together and one is wearing a cowboy hat while playing the guitar while the other is standing with sunglasses on.

Decoded sentence: two african american people are wearing blue shirts and blue machinery emblems with a man.
Answer sentence: two african american men wearing vests, as one african american man wearing a blue shirt with an emblem direct people or machinery.

Decoded sentence: two african american males are looking into a photo while taking a photo.
Answer sentence: two african american males looking into the camera while their photo is taken.

Decoded sentence: twins dressed in black and gold pants with a gray identically on a gray identically with.
Answer sentence: twins dressed identically in purple and gold sweaters with gray pants and black shoes, holding on to each other.

Decoded sentence: a man filled with a truck filled with a man in a back looking at his back bottle.
Answer sentence: truck filled with 5 gallons bottles in the back and a man on top looking at them.

Decoded sentence: flutter flutter blue flag in red and red.
Answer sentence: triangular blue and red flags flutter in the wind.

Decoded sentence: a obscured is obscures a building to a right.
Answer sentence: trees obscure a building to the right.

Decoded sentence: two men in a golf play in the background and trees.
Answer sentence: tree in the foreground, two men playing golf in the background.

Decoded sentence: a litter litter litter.
Answer sentence: trash litters the ground.

Decoded sentence: a exercising exercising a trampoline exercising.
Answer sentence: trampolines are a fun way to exercise.

Decoded sentence: the serene is getting viewing the serene of the ocean to view the serene for serene.
Answer sentence: tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean.

Decoded sentence: topless man reclining in a blue chair and navy pants with a old topless hat reclines up.
Answer sentence: topless old man wearing slippers, navy blue pants and a white hat while reclining in a chair outside.

Decoded sentence: topless man walking up a rocky path.
Answer sentence: topless men walking up a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: a toddler with a toddler around a milk.
Answer sentence: toddler with milk around his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a toddler pole with a life jacket standing outside a toddler and orange life.
Answer sentence: toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.

Decoded sentence: a toddler sitting on a living room and touching live carpet.
Answer sentence: toddler sits on carpet in living room touching guitar.

Decoded sentence: a toddler in a red hat holding on to a toddler railing.
Answer sentence: toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.

Decoded sentence: the cut tire road is cutting in the snow covered road.
Answer sentence: tire tracks have cut marks in the snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: people on a nice shelf looking through a restaurant as a man on a nice box working with.
Answer sentence: through windows into a building, we see on one floor people eating at a nice restaurant, while on the floor below we see a working man looking out at us from where he kneels between shelves and boxes.

Decoded sentence: a truck and a mirror view the back of a mirror are seated at a mirror window of a truck.
Answer sentence: through the truck 's rear window you can see the back of the seats as well as the rear view mirror.

Decoded sentence: three younger men dressed in warm clothing walk down a sidewalk with palm trees and trees.
Answer sentence: three younger heavyset ladies, dressed nicely in warm weather clothing adjusting themselves while walking down a sidewalk with palm trees in the background and two younger men following several feet behind.

Decoded sentence: three young women on wetsuits wearing wetsuits gestures on a beach at the beach.
Answer sentence: three young women wearing wetsuits on beach, two gesturing at camera.

Decoded sentence: three young women standing in front of a booth booth.
Answer sentence: three young women standing in front of a photo booth.

Decoded sentence: three young women in a crowd are in a city high one of them is standing by the crowd with.
Answer sentence: three young women in a city crowd are standing together and two of them are in the middle of high-fives with one another.

Decoded sentence: three young people are covered with flowers and planting flowers.
Answer sentence: three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.

Decoded sentence: three young men are riding a busy street on the street looking at a busy street while a.
Answer sentence: three young men, two riding a motorbike on a busy street, looking at something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three young men wearing blue jeans and having a conversation in front of a garage.
Answer sentence: three young men wearing blue jeans stand in front of a garage while having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three young men standing in a field behind a barbecue smiling and giving a sign that has.
Answer sentence: three young men standing in a field behind a barbecue smiling each giving the two handed thumbs up sign

Decoded sentence: three young boys stand around a wall holding a young boy holding a poster of the wall.
Answer sentence: three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster.

Decoded sentence: three young men talk on a wooden landscape as a young man reads a wooden landscape in a.
Answer sentence: three young men read the plaque on a wooden cross in a rocky landscape, one young man is talking on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young men are playing a game of monopoly while a man arguing them arguing.
Answer sentence: three young men playing a game of monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing.

Decoded sentence: three men are drinking beer from a man drinking beer.
Answer sentence: three young men lounge while drinking beer from bottles.

Decoded sentence: three young men stand on a bench near a food bench while shoppers pass by food.
Answer sentence: three young men are resting on a bench near a food stand while other visitors or shoppers are passing close by.

Decoded sentence: three young men are giving a barbecue on the thumbs up to thumbs up to the small barbecue.
Answer sentence: three young men are giving the thumbs up sign while grilling sausages on a small barbecue.

Decoded sentence: three young men are outside in a man and a man on a young man.
Answer sentence: three young men are celebrating together in public.

Decoded sentence: three young men are leaping in midair at a flight of stairs with a man wearing a top and.
Answer sentence: three young men and a young woman wearing sneakers are leaping in midair at the top of a flight of concrete stairs.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are texting on a cellphone and texting.
Answer sentence: three young girls chapping and texting on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: three young girls take part in a martial arts.
Answer sentence: three young girls are taking part in martial arts.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are standing on a gym in a gym while a young girl stands.
Answer sentence: three young girls are standing on three balance beams in a gym.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are sitting on a green floor and green floor.
Answer sentence: three young girls are sitting on a green and white tiled floor.

Decoded sentence: three young girls are playing on a sidewalk while jumping and having fun.
Answer sentence: three young girls are having fun, jumping and playing on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three young children are feeding a blue container from water feeding water.
Answer sentence: three young children feeding a turtle water from a blue container.

Decoded sentence: three young children are biting a scenic pose for a scenic mountain while a girl consisting.
Answer sentence: three young children consisting of two girls and a boy who is holding an apple with a bite out of it, are posing on a scenic mountain view background.

Decoded sentence: three young boys are sitting at a obscured while a boy looks down them.
Answer sentence: three young boys sitting outside are looking at something obscured between them.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with mud on the beach.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with the mud on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in a park.
Answer sentence: three young boys playing with a ball in the park.

Decoded sentence: three young girls face one of them is looking in he 's face as he looks like he is laughing.
Answer sentence: three young adults are sitting around, with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing, and the guy behind him looks like he 's in midsentence.

Decoded sentence: three workers in orange clothing cleaning a subway track.
Answer sentence: three workers in fluorescent orange clothing cleaning the subway tracks.

Decoded sentence: three workers are working on a roof working.
Answer sentence: three workers are working on a metal roof

Decoded sentence: three women with prices prices and one in front of a chalkboard with a chalkboard to the.
Answer sentence: three women, one with her back to the camera, laugh while standing in front of a wall with two framed photos and a chalkboard with prices.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing white gowns are dancing.
Answer sentence: three women wearing white gowns are dancing.

Decoded sentence: three women are walking along a sidewalk wearing blue and blue and blue.
Answer sentence: three women wearing blue walk along a sidewalk while laughing and smiling.

Decoded sentence: three women standing on a city table with drinks on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three women standing by a table with drinks on it on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three women sit and waiting on the bench.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and waiting for something on a bench.

Decoded sentence: three women sitting in a tiled area talking and talking over the jane.
Answer sentence: three women sitting and talking in a tiled area under a sign jane.

Decoded sentence: three women with one another woman talking to each another while another woman.
Answer sentence: three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another.

Decoded sentence: three women are leaving a cart with a ikea on the left.
Answer sentence: three women leave ikea with goods on carts.

Decoded sentence: three women are jumping to the seaside simultaneously town.
Answer sentence: three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town.

Decoded sentence: three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: three women in sports bikinis are playing volleyball on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: three women in headscarves examine a camera.
Answer sentence: three women in headscarves examine a camera.

Decoded sentence: three women in gypsy skirts stand around a park area in a parking dame dame.
Answer sentence: three women in gypsy skirts stand around the parking area for the notre dame in france.

Decoded sentence: three women dressed in headscarves and headscarves outside.
Answer sentence: three women in dresses and headscarves outside.

Decoded sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.
Answer sentence: three women in brightly colored dresses.

Decoded sentence: three women at a mall with one woman and the woman necklace to play on the mall.
Answer sentence: three women at a shopping mall, one has a dog, one is on her cellphone, one is playing with her necklace.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting in front of a computer and a woman in a computer.
Answer sentence: three women are sitting in front of computers while people stand in front of them with small papers.

Decoded sentence: three women are running through a puddle while two women run towards them.
Answer sentence: three women are running through a puddle, and there are two women behind them.

Decoded sentence: three women ride in a carriage.
Answer sentence: three women are riding in a carriage together.

Decoded sentence: three women running bases while one of them is running a softball while the woman is running.
Answer sentence: three women are playing softball, one of them is running the bases and two are playing defense.

Decoded sentence: the man is next to a floating object.
Answer sentence: three women and a child looking at something in the water, a man is next to the floating object.

Decoded sentence: three muslim women in hijab walking alone in a hijab area.
Answer sentence: three woman walk, in their hijab, alone in an area of muslim denomination.

Decoded sentence: three men and white men performing on stage and performing on stage.
Answer sentence: three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert.

Decoded sentence: three women dressed in uniquely dance while dancing.
Answer sentence: three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade.

Decoded sentence: three wilson traffic wilson over a light street.
Answer sentence: three traffic lights hang over wilson street.

Decoded sentence: three olympic runners are in a line of a track lined from a sporting event.
Answer sentence: three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an olympic type sporting event.

Decoded sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.
Answer sentence: three teens are talking near a wall.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers in colorful shirts cooking food.
Answer sentence: three teenagers in yellow shirts cooking colorful food.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers smile at each wood and one carrying a camera to the camera.
Answer sentence: three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: three brown musicians wearing coats play their trumpets in front of a store store.
Answer sentence: three street musicians wearing brown coats play the drums and trumpet in front of a store.

Decoded sentence: three stout men are sitting in front of a building wearing shorts and a third factory parked.
Answer sentence: three stout men wearing shorts are walking past a third man sitting in front of a parked car in front of a building with the word factory.

Decoded sentence: three soccer players in blue and one of them are trying to steal out of the ball while.
Answer sentence: three soccer players, the one in blue and red possess the ball and the one on white is trying to steal it away.

Decoded sentence: three children in red shirts and one small child are on a marble courtyard of a marble.
Answer sentence: three small children in yellow shirts and one in a red shirt are rollerblading on a shiny marble courtyard.

Decoded sentence: three people and a seated eating a tree with a tree eating a tree behind them.
Answer sentence: three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background.

Decoded sentence: three school boys posing for a blue and blue umbrella.
Answer sentence: three school boys posing under a blue umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three highway workers are working on a dirt road next to a highway.
Answer sentence: three road workers work on dirt ramp next to highway.

Decoded sentence: three police officers on a sidewalk with pedestrians on the sidewalk and walking in the.
Answer sentence: three police officers on motorcycles on the street with pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in the background.

Decoded sentence: three people rest in front of a tall tree in front of a tall tree and a female resting.
Answer sentence: three people, two males and a female, are sitting in front of a tall tree on the ground during a rest from a hike.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing cards and smiling.
Answer sentence: three people, smiling while playing cards.

Decoded sentence: three people are working in a messy office with a blue shirt and one of the office with.
Answer sentence: three people, one with a black shirt, one with a navy blue jacket, and one with a red t-shirt, working in an office with a large messy bookshelf.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing costumes are standing together talking.
Answer sentence: three people wearing costumes are standing around talking.

Decoded sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and a stone statue as a stone statue.
Answer sentence: three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking around a construction zone over a construction zone with orange.
Answer sentence: three people walk past a construction zone fenced off with orange plastic fencing.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking on a adjacent adjacent to be adjacent to the grass.
Answer sentence: three people walk on grass adjacent to a river.

Decoded sentence: three people are standing at a booth and waiting to buy famous famous famous fair.
Answer sentence: three people stand in line waiting to buy something to eat at a fair booth selling martins ' famous louisiana sausage 's ( sic ).

Decoded sentence: three people are standing in front of a city river while one has a city and one throwing.
Answer sentence: three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it.

Decoded sentence: three people are squatting down on a lake squatting for the lake.
Answer sentence: three people squat down on the edge of a lake.

Decoded sentence: there are two people in a picture looking up and facing by a guy and a guy in a rv are.
Answer sentence: three people sitting in what looks like an rv, one guy is looking at us, the other two are facing forward, there 's a picture of jesus hanging up.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting in a lobby waiting.
Answer sentence: three people sit waiting in a lobby.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting on a tree in a grass or watching a tree in a distance as a tree.
Answer sentence: three people sit in chairs on the grass facing each other, while three more people in the distance by some trees watch them.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting around a table with food on it and there are on it.
Answer sentence: three people sit around a table with a laptop and food on it.

Decoded sentence: three people are singing into microphones.
Answer sentence: three people sing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.
Answer sentence: three people resting on a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: three people are posing with their political signs out in the public.
Answer sentence: three people pose with their political signs out in public.

Decoded sentence: a black and one black and a black hat playing with a guitar and one of the guitar and the.
Answer sentence: three people playing rock music, one of them is wearing a hat and a black pants with a black t-shirt and singing and playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three people on a grass lawn mowing one is raking the left and the one is raking the left.
Answer sentence: three people on grass, one raking leaves, one mowing the lawn, another standing by a garbage bag.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting on a park by a park where one of the people are lying in the park.
Answer sentence: three people is just sitting in the park one is lying on the grass the other one is looking around and the other one is taking photos

Decoded sentence: three people in various strokes 's lanes along a stage lane marker.
Answer sentence: three people in various stages of swimming strokes race along colorful lane markers.

Decoded sentence: three people in a snow gear are putting their gear.
Answer sentence: three people in the snow put their gear in order.

Decoded sentence: three people in black shirts with black shirts and drinks in a room holding hands.
Answer sentence: three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand.

Decoded sentence: three people in a city scene in a large city scene and one of them dressed in high heels.
Answer sentence: three people in a group of cars in what appears to be a city scene ; two of them carrying a large bottle and one is a female dressed in high heels.

Decoded sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.
Answer sentence: three people in a field of brown plants.

Decoded sentence: three people in a backyard.
Answer sentence: three people gardening in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: three people are enjoying a modern building in the modern building.
Answer sentence: three people enjoying the view in a modern building.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in white clothing ride a piggyback ride in a piggyback and white and.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in white clothing in caps giving three other people dressed in white clothing and caps a piggyback ride.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in black and black and black are viewing a cliff overlooking a body.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in red, green, and black view a cliff that overlooks a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three people dressed in black and white outfits are holding hands up on a set of a white.
Answer sentence: three people dressed in blue, white and black leotards are being held up by the hands of a set of two people each on the ground dressed in the same outfit as people look on.

Decoded sentence: three people in a subway station and cartwheels cartwheels over a subway station.
Answer sentence: three people dancing acrobatically in a subway station, with one girl in a skirt doing a cartwheel over another person bending over.

Decoded sentence: three people on bikes with a bike on the side of the grass.
Answer sentence: three people biking on a path with grass on either side of the path.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing a board game of beer and drinking beer.
Answer sentence: three people around a table playing a board game and drinking beer.

Decoded sentence: three people walking down a dirt path.
Answer sentence: three people are walking down a dirt path.

Decoded sentence: three people walking along a path of a clear tree where two people are walking by trees.
Answer sentence: three people are walking and two people are jogging along a cleared path near several trees.

Decoded sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.
Answer sentence: three people are staring at a small painting.

Decoded sentence: three people are playing instruments with a stained glass window in the window while a.
Answer sentence: three people are standing two are women playing instruments the women are dressed in robes with a stained glass window behind them.

Decoded sentence: three people are preparing ice boat in their snow while fishing.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in the snow preparing an ice fishing boat.

Decoded sentence: three people are standing in front of a sign that has a sign that has there is standing.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a sign that has an american flag on it.

Decoded sentence: three people are in a pole and a metal stand in front of a blue and metal crate and a crate.
Answer sentence: three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it, while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: three people are having a drink and smiling while they are drinking.
Answer sentence: three people are smiling while having food and drinks.

Decoded sentence: three people are sleeping in a mass transit.
Answer sentence: three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting at a picnic bench outside with a picnic.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at an outside picnic bench with an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: three people are at a table and looking at a laptop table and a woman is leaning on the.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting at a table ; the man is leaning back, the middle woman is on her laptop, and the woman on the left is looking at the man.

Decoded sentence: three people are sitting around playing a table playing game.
Answer sentence: three people are sitting around a table playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three people are on a sidewalk wearing red hair and sunglasses with a couple of sunglasses.
Answer sentence: three people are on a city sidewalk- an asian couple and a woman with red dye in her hair- all wearing sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: three people are on a boat and a boat is in the back.
Answer sentence: three people are on a boat in the middle of the water while the sun is in the back.

Decoded sentence: three people are in a dumpster with a dumpster and a dumpster over out.
Answer sentence: three people are in an alley with a dumpster, one skateboarding over the dumpster while the other two look on.

Decoded sentence: three people on a airport are sitting on a airport with one man laying in between the ground.
Answer sentence: three people are in an airport with one laying on the ground, a woman sitting against the window and a man standing with his luggage.

Decoded sentence: three people are crossing a street in new york city.
Answer sentence: three people are crossing a street in new york city.

Decoded sentence: three people are using a gas gas gas gas.
Answer sentence: three people are cooking outside using two gas grills.

Decoded sentence: three pedestrians are walking along the street having a storefront of sunset that pedestrians.
Answer sentence: three pedestrians walk along a street at sunset past a storefront that has asian lettering.

Decoded sentence: three women of underwear are hanging a pair of wire on a wire during a pair of underwear.
Answer sentence: three pairs of women 's underwear are hanging on a wire under an awning.

Decoded sentence: three people from a clothesline of a clothesline and a pair of different cars and a clothesline.
Answer sentence: three pairs of different-colored underwear hanging from a clothesline with people and cars in the background

Decoded sentence: three people are standing next to a very aqua colored boat with aqua boats and two of them.
Answer sentence: three or two fishermen are standing next to a very bright aqua colored boat with yellow detail that has buoys, ropes and nets, and an identical boat with people in the water in the distance.

Decoded sentence: three older ladies are listening to a meal at a restaurant while listening to a meal.
Answer sentence: three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk.

Decoded sentence: three little boys stand in the river while one is playing a little boy in the mud.
Answer sentence: three naked little boys are playing in a river and are covered in mud ; one is standing up.

Decoded sentence: three musicians including a guy wearing a leather leather leather and the guy with a leather.
Answer sentence: three musicians wearing leather are performing on a stage, including a guy with a guitar, and two singers.

Decoded sentence: three men and two men wearing white shirts and blue shirts sitting in a chair drinking.
Answer sentence: three men, two wearing white shirts, one wearing blue, sitting in chairs around a table drinking a few beers.

Decoded sentence: three men dressed in black and white vestments with vestments cross the crowd in a crowd.
Answer sentence: three men, two dressed in white and another in black vestments with a gold cross, address a crowd.

Decoded sentence: three men are in a striped shirt and one in a striped shirt and one in a blue shirt talking.
Answer sentence: three men, one in a blue shirt, one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing white shirts and orange shorts and orange shorts and look on sand.
Answer sentence: three men, each wearing a white shirt and orange shorts, build a sand castle while another man, wearing the same clothing, looks on.

Decoded sentence: three men dressed in fishing gear are standing on a dock preparing a fish and fish to clean.
Answer sentence: three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish.

Decoded sentence: three men and 2 men play guitars and one man is performing in front of a drum curtain.
Answer sentence: three men, 2 playing guitars and one playing the drums, performs in front of a lite beer curtain.

Decoded sentence: three men are preparing quickly by a chinese man in a kitchen preparing food.
Answer sentence: three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class chinese restaurant.

Decoded sentence: three men with yellow vests and blue vests doing working on a street with a yellow truck.
Answer sentence: three men with yellow vests doing work on the side of a street with three blue and white trucks nearby.

Decoded sentence: three men with safety jackets and reflective jackets watch their rock in their jackets.
Answer sentence: three men with reflective safety jackets are watching two men in reflective jackets put rocks into a hole in the road.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing white shirts are taking pictures on a skateboard as they take a picture.
Answer sentence: three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.

Decoded sentence: three men are doing a safety yard and wearing safety vests work.
Answer sentence: three men wearing safety vests and doing yard work in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange hard hats and reflectors work on a road reflector reflector and.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange reflector vests and hard hats are working on a road construction project.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing orange coats are working on a street.
Answer sentence: three men wearing orange coats working on a street.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing hats and hats are walking up the rifle with their flags on it.
Answer sentence: three men wearing hats are holding up flags, one man is walking with a rifle on his shoulder.

Decoded sentence: three men wearing fatigues and blue shorts and blue shorts stand side by side of a fourth.
Answer sentence: three men wearing canadian military fatigues and a fourth man wearing blue shorts and a red t-shirt stand side-by-side ; two men hold shears for a ribbon cutting.

Decoded sentence: three men walking in front of a colorful tent with colorful tents.
Answer sentence: three men walking in front of a colorful tent with a sign on it.

Decoded sentence: three men walk outside of a building white.
Answer sentence: three men walk outside of a white building.

Decoded sentence: three men are walking through a parking lot talking.
Answer sentence: three men talk together while walking through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three men are standing outside in a suit and laughing and talking.
Answer sentence: three men standing outside in suits are talking and laughing.

Decoded sentence: three men are standing on the podium and four of them are standing with their award over.
Answer sentence: three men stand on the podium while four other men stand along with them as part of the awards ceremony.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting at a table with four candles on the right and red candles on the right.
Answer sentence: three men sitting at a table, one man pointing at the camera, with four red candles on the right.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting around a table speaking for a engagement.
Answer sentence: three men sitting around a table during a speaking engagement.

Decoded sentence: three men on scaffolding outside a building.
Answer sentence: three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.

Decoded sentence: three men observe a specimen under a microscope.
Answer sentence: three men observe a specimen under a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three men on stage dancing from a white shirt and a man in a white shirt and a woman watches.
Answer sentence: three men in white shirts dance and sing on a stage as a group of women watch from the sidelines.

Decoded sentence: three men in white lab coats are sitting at a computer screen with a white lab in the lab.
Answer sentence: three men in white lab coats pointing at a computer screen while sitting in a lab with a microscope.

Decoded sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.
Answer sentence: three men in reflective suits in a field.

Decoded sentence: three men in overalls walk down the sidewalk in a midst of traffic.
Answer sentence: three men in overalls walk down a sidewalk in the midst of pedestrian traffic.

Decoded sentence: three men in orange vests sit along a ravine along a ravine while a man sits on the ravine.
Answer sentence: three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.

Decoded sentence: three men in military shirts and canada uniforms are cutting their ribbon in a military.
Answer sentence: three men in military uniforms and one man in a shirt that says `` canada '' are cutting a ribbon.

Decoded sentence: three men in a cold clothing walking down the road.
Answer sentence: three men in cold-weather styled clothing walking down a road.

Decoded sentence: three men in camouflage clothing and blue shorts and blue shorts stand in front of a building.
Answer sentence: three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: three men in black and white jackets are holding a handrail next to a busy street in a.
Answer sentence: three men in black jackets and white helmets hold onto a silver handrail next to a busy street.

Decoded sentence: three men in a auditorium are preparing to prepare to the tape.
Answer sentence: three men in an auditorium prepare to tape something.

Decoded sentence: three men are sitting around a table with ornate ornate men and ornate microphones.
Answer sentence: three men have a conversation while sitting around an ornate table with microphones.

Decoded sentence: three men grilling on a grill.
Answer sentence: three men grilling on a front porch.

Decoded sentence: three men celebrating a goal in a game.
Answer sentence: three men celebrating a goal in the game.

Decoded sentence: three men are working up a fishing table on a steel table next to a fish.
Answer sentence: three men are working up fish on a stainless steel table outdoors right next to the water.

Decoded sentence: three men are working on a roof.
Answer sentence: three men are working on a roof.

Decoded sentence: three men on a yellow safety jacket and one man wearing a yellow hard jacket and a man.
Answer sentence: three men are wearing safety yellow jackets and hard hats on the sight of a construction project ; one is in a hole and the other two are looking at the man standing in the hole.

Decoded sentence: three men are around in a man 's with a man and a man.
Answer sentence: three men are walking around in an open, stone building that has sand as the floor.

Decoded sentence: three men are riding on a shack with a shack and a man wearing a hat and a hat and a hat.
Answer sentence: three men are riding on an elephant with a shack in the background and two of them are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: three men are looking at a canyon on a canyon in a canyon.
Answer sentence: three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon.

Decoded sentence: three men and two women are sitting down a hallway and two men are walking down the steps.
Answer sentence: three men and two women walk down an outdoor hallway past a man sitting on a step reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: three men and a woman wearing aprons and aprons are standing next to each other at a cup.
Answer sentence: three men and one woman standing next to each other, all wearing aprons and pouring something into each others cups at the same time.

Decoded sentence: three men and a small boy work on a green train outside.
Answer sentence: three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside.

Decoded sentence: three members of a red and yellow team are in the grass with a yellow team members.
Answer sentence: three members of the red team are in the grass with a member of the yellow team.

Decoded sentence: three men in hi jackets attempting to pull a car from a ditch to pull a ditch for a ditch.
Answer sentence: three man in hi viz jackets are pulling attempting to pull a trapped four wheel drive car from a ditch.

Decoded sentence: three men walking around a cart with baked goods and baked goods and a cane is walking.
Answer sentence: three man around a wheeled cart with baked goods while a man with a cane walks away.

Decoded sentence: three males are sitting on a table with a beer in front of a beer on it.
Answer sentence: three males are sitting on a sofa with beers on a table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: three male workers in bright jackets work with shovels in a field.
Answer sentence: three male workers in bright jackets are working in a field with shovels.

Decoded sentence: three dwarfs figures stand next to a wooden dwarves while a male male and a large dwarves.
Answer sentence: three male figures of different ages stand next to some rocks as they are dwarfed by a large upright wooden cross.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers examine a field of a male and two male holding a shovel.
Answer sentence: three male construction workers are examining something in a field, two of them are holding shovels.

Decoded sentence: three female dancers are on stage and a female pair of them.
Answer sentence: three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet, with other ballerinas in the background.

Decoded sentence: three little kids on a downhill race race.
Answer sentence: three little kids on tricycles race downhill.

Decoded sentence: three little girls are sitting on grass.
Answer sentence: three little girls are sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys are taking a rubber in a bin on a grass.
Answer sentence: three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.

Decoded sentence: three little boys on a river in a river.
Answer sentence: three little boys on a float in a river.

Decoded sentence: three ladies from a busy table with notes written to the reference of the table.
Answer sentence: three ladies near a table scattered with books, busy writing notes from their reference books.

Decoded sentence: three ladies wearing matching silver leggings and leggings.
Answer sentence: three ladies chat wearing silver leggings and matching wigs.

Decoded sentence: a belt of a white belt is having a red and white belt on a red belt.
Answer sentence: three kids practice martial arts, one has a yellow belt, on a red belt and the other a white belt.

Decoded sentence: three kids playing with brown kids.
Answer sentence: three kids playing with a brown pony.

Decoded sentence: three kids palying with toys in a garden.
Answer sentence: three kids palying with a toy cat in a garden.

Decoded sentence: three kids on a scooter with wheels.
Answer sentence: three kids on a scooter with three wheels.

Decoded sentence: three kids in different colors and colors are on a martial arts class in a class.
Answer sentence: three kids in a martial arts class are in a stance ; each child has on a different color belt.

Decoded sentence: three individuals of a scuba diving.
Answer sentence: three individuals are scuba diving.

Decoded sentence: three horses and a person horse.
Answer sentence: three horses and a person against a sunset.

Decoded sentence: three hockey players with a goal hockey in front of a goal.
Answer sentence: three hockey players struggle with the puck in front of the goal.

Decoded sentence: three handler riders carrying camels through shallow water on a beach while a pair of string.
Answer sentence: three handlers lead a string of 11 camels, each carrying a pair of riders, through shallow water on a beach.

Decoded sentence: three guys sitting on a rock looking at the scenery.
Answer sentence: three guys sitting on rocks looking at the scenery.

Decoded sentence: three guys riding on a house with trees in the background and trees.
Answer sentence: three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three guys playing golf golf along a body of water.
Answer sentence: three guys playing golf along a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three guys are shoveling in a desert.
Answer sentence: three guys are shoveling in the desert.

Decoded sentence: three shirtless adults in tank tops and shorts are attempting to practice yoga.
Answer sentence: three grown adults in shorts attempting to practice yoga, two adults are wearing tank tops, while the other is shirtless.

Decoded sentence: three girls are posing for a picture while one of them is kissing the other is kissing.
Answer sentence: three girls pose for a picture and one of the girls kisses the others cheek.

Decoded sentence: three young girls in native costumes dance on a field while playing a drum and gold uniform.
Answer sentence: three girls in gold ' native american ' costumes dance on a football field while several young men in dark blue uniforms play drums behind them.

Decoded sentence: three girls in black and white dresses are walking downtown.
Answer sentence: three girls in black and white dresses are walking downtown.

Decoded sentence: three girls are walking along a sidewalk in a middle of a basketball and one is bouncing.
Answer sentence: three girls are walking along the sidewalk together and the one in the middle is bouncing a basketball.

Decoded sentence: three girls are outside in a girl on a girl and a girl.
Answer sentence: three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.

Decoded sentence: three men and a man loitering outside of a building next to a concrete structure.
Answer sentence: three girls and one man are loitering outside of a building next to a concrete structure.

Decoded sentence: three football players in blue uniforms are running down a field of yellow and one has.
Answer sentence: three football players in navy blue and yellow uniforms are running down a football field ; one is kicking a football as he runs.

Decoded sentence: three football players are in action on a field.
Answer sentence: three football players are in action on the field

Decoded sentence: three firemen are standing around a firetruck with two beard and one is talking to the.
Answer sentence: three firemen are standing around two firetrucks, one with a beard is leaning against the firetruck, while the other two are talking to him.

Decoded sentence: three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.
Answer sentence: three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: three females are sitting on a right device in the right while one is having a hand device.
Answer sentence: three females are sitting on the ground while one has device in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps are lined up with goggles in the pool.
Answer sentence: three female swimmers in swim caps and goggles are lined up in a pool with their arms outstretched.

Decoded sentence: three female dancers are in front of a single curtain with a single female pale knee and.
Answer sentence: three female dancers are in front of a pale curtain with a single knee raised and their heads dropped back.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women are walking through a parking lot with two cane and a woman are walking.
Answer sentence: three elderly women, two with canes, walk through a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women wearing coats are walking back with purses and elderly purses.
Answer sentence: three elderly women wearing coats and carrying purses are walking with their back to the camera.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women are walking.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking together.

Decoded sentence: three elderly women walking towards a elderly.
Answer sentence: three elderly women walking from behind.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are standing in a snow and one of them holding a red frisbee.
Answer sentence: three dogs, one holding a red frisbee, standing in snow.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are walking across a snowy field.
Answer sentence: three dogs walk together across a snowy field.

Decoded sentence: three dogs running through water.
Answer sentence: three dogs running through water.

Decoded sentence: three dogs racing around a racetrack.
Answer sentence: three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.

Decoded sentence: three men in blue jumpsuits and snowsuit on a snowy baby in a forest in a forest of a forest.
Answer sentence: three dogs pulling a man in a brown jumpsuit and a baby in a blue snowsuit, on a sled in a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: three dogs on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: three dogs on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are various sizes and sizes.
Answer sentence: three dogs of various sizes.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are looking at a cement ledge.
Answer sentence: three dogs looking at a cement ledge.

Decoded sentence: three dogs are playing together.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing.

Decoded sentence: three dogs play in the grass.
Answer sentence: three dogs are playing in the grass.

Decoded sentence: three people take a picture with a dark colored top and a different top and the dark top.
Answer sentence: three different people, all wearing light colored tops and dark pants, are taking pictures with their cameras.

Decoded sentence: three democrat democrat hold a sign for the election.
Answer sentence: three democrat supporters hold signs for an election.

Decoded sentence: three complected complected sitting on a bench in front of a yellow ceramic with a ceramic.
Answer sentence: three dark complected ladies sitting on a bench in front of a yellow ceramic tiled wall, with the name `` jane '' on the wall or superimposed onto the image above them.

Decoded sentence: three dancers with swirls swirls swirls.
Answer sentence: three dancers with swirling costumes perform.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers wearing neon green vests and white vests sitting in a bridge.
Answer sentence: three construction workers wearing white hats and neon green vests stand against boating rail while a bridge and city sit in the background.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers in bright vests work on a road.
Answer sentence: three construction workers in bright vests prepare road to be worked on.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers standing outside having a conversation.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing outside and having a conversation.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers are standing on the boat at the construction while one of them.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are standing on a boat while one of the men points at something.

Decoded sentence: three construction workers are working on a bridge while working up to a bridge on the.
Answer sentence: three construction workers are joking around on a boat, leaving the bridge that they are working on.

Decoded sentence: three boys and two boys stand in a martial arts room on a large floor.
Answer sentence: three children, two girls and one boy, in martial art stances, standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room.

Decoded sentence: three children are on a ledge of a 9 day with plants and 6 children holding the edge of.
Answer sentence: three children, between the ages of 6 and 9, are on a ledge holding plants over the edge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: three children writing in a classroom together.
Answer sentence: three children writing intently in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: three children sit on a green overalls in a green overalls toting one in a green overalls.
Answer sentence: three children sit on the grass, one laying down, one in overalls smiling and one in green looking through a tote bag.

Decoded sentence: three children playing on a toy with a toy.
Answer sentence: three children playing on a floor with toys.

Decoded sentence: three children playing in the hay.
Answer sentence: three children playing in hay

Decoded sentence: three children are inspecting a patio table.
Answer sentence: three children inspecting a patio table.

Decoded sentence: three children in different uniforms stand on the field and playing a field of different.
Answer sentence: three children in football uniforms of two different teams are playing football on a football field, while another player and an adult stand in the background.

Decoded sentence: three children pose on a playground slide.
Answer sentence: three children are posing on a playground slide.

Decoded sentence: three children are playing on a metal barrel while a child plays a barrel while a child.
Answer sentence: three children are playing outdoors, two of them on a metal barrel swing.

Decoded sentence: three children play in a sand sand.
Answer sentence: three children are playing in sand near to the beach.

Decoded sentence: three children are on a block floor with a building playing.
Answer sentence: three children are on the floor playing with building blocks.

Decoded sentence: three children and a gift are trying to gifts.
Answer sentence: three children and trying to open a gift.

Decoded sentence: three chefs wearing aprons and white aprons are preparing food in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: three chefs, wearing white hats and black aprons, are preparing food in a crowded kitchen.

Decoded sentence: three chefs in uniforms are preparing to work in a line for pastry.
Answer sentence: three chefs in uniform are working in an assembly line to prepare pastries.

Decoded sentence: three women in brown and green skirts lean against a metal fence while a woman is leaning.
Answer sentence: three brown-haired women in brown and green skirts lean against a metal fence staring to the left.

Decoded sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.
Answer sentence: three boys jumping off of a platform.

Decoded sentence: three boys are running on a beach playing game.
Answer sentence: three boys are running on the beach playing a game.

Decoded sentence: three boys playing soccer.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing soccer.

Decoded sentence: three boys are playing and looking up the giant boy 's giant boy holding a giant boy as.
Answer sentence: three boys are playing outside, and two are holding a giant ball that looks like a globe while the other jumps up high over it.

Decoded sentence: three bikini girls and bikinis are side of a big tree in the back.
Answer sentence: three big trees and the back side of a girl in bikini.

Decoded sentence: three signage players in front of a large green surface in the crowd on a large green surface.
Answer sentence: three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage.

Decoded sentence: three asian children are sitting in a classroom and 2 boys in green and green and studying.
Answer sentence: three asian children, 2 boys and a girl, is sitting and studying in a classroom that is painted light green.

Decoded sentence: three african american women dressed in bright orange headscarves and brown american.
Answer sentence: three african american women are dressed in bright orange and brown dresses and headscarves.

Decoded sentence: three men sitting on a bench listening to a man in front of a cafe playing a guitar and.
Answer sentence: three adults sitting on a bench in front of a sign for joe 's cafe listening to one man play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three news citizen interview with interview interviewing interviewing a personal personal.
Answer sentence: three news personal interviewing a couple of senior citizens, while another person looks on.

Decoded sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk through a dirt path during a summer day.
Answer sentence: three caucasian hikers in summer clothes walk a dirt path through a wooded meadow during the day.

Decoded sentence: people riding outside and a window with a asian descent taking pictures at a bus window.
Answer sentence: this picture is taken outside a bus with people of asian descent riding along with open windows.

Decoded sentence: a picture of a old day combination time for a picture.
Answer sentence: this picture is a strange combination of old times and present day.

Decoded sentence: intangible express intangible express.
Answer sentence: this photograph expresses intangible frustration.

Decoded sentence: people riding in a busy city street in asian city and taking bikes and a photo.
Answer sentence: this photo takes place in a busy street in an asian city where people are riding bikes and walking.

Decoded sentence: gripe gripe about to first problem a problem for problem or world.
Answer sentence: this photo invites amazon turkers to gripe about first world problems.

Decoded sentence: people performing tricks in a competition as a person watches them and a person watches.
Answer sentence: this person is performing a trick in skateboarding competition, with people watching in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man with long gray hard hat and white vest with long hard vests stand on top of a long.
Answer sentence: this man with a white hard hat, and gray vest, and long-sleeve shirt is standing on top of a roof.

Decoded sentence: the man is in a bicycle race.
Answer sentence: this man is in a bicycle race.

Decoded sentence: people walking a street creating entertainment of a entertainment.
Answer sentence: this man is creating entertainment for people who are walking the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man asleep on his asleep in a man and a man asleep on his asleep in a of a man and a.
Answer sentence: this man is asleep on a bench.

Decoded sentence: whimsically little girl dressed in striped striped striped whimsically one is asking to.
Answer sentence: this little baby girl dressed whimsically in striped pantaloons is pictured so that one must ask which is bigger, her feet or her sleepy smile.

Decoded sentence: furnished is furnished furnished.
Answer sentence: this kitchen is newly furnished.

Decoded sentence: a man of a image of a grass with a older man sitting and folding a leg near a dry grass.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an older man, who sitting with his legs folded near stack of dry grass.

Decoded sentence: a woman of a asian woman in a swimming pool with a bikini and i look on top of a swimming.
Answer sentence: this is the image of an asian woman in bikinis with her legs folded and looking at an i-pod phone on top of a swimming pool deck.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful evening of a evening.
Answer sentence: this is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun.

Decoded sentence: eastern men are wearing white robes and gold embroidery looking at a embroidery eastern.
Answer sentence: this is an aged middle-eastern man looking to his right while wearing a white robe with gold embroidery.

Decoded sentence: a young boy jumps a very beautiful neighborhood on a beautiful boy in a beautiful neighborhood.
Answer sentence: this is a young boy looking to be jumping on the trampoline in a very beautiful neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman wearing a dark jacket and a dark jacket and a black jacket standing on the.
Answer sentence: this is a well-dressed dark-haired gentleman wearing a gray suit jacket, gray trousers, black sweater and lavender tie with a mustache and goatee holding a frying pan, standing on the sidewalk in front of a roll-open garage-type door.

Decoded sentence: a young teen with a yellow hair in the lap of a teen sitting in a chair with a yellow adult.
Answer sentence: this is a teen or young adult with braids in their hair sitting in a chair with a yellow pillow in their lap.

Decoded sentence: a woman of a urns scene walking a scene with two people including a coffee scene over a.
Answer sentence: this is a scene of several people walking outside during the day, including a woman with two coffee urns.

Decoded sentence: a pharmacy of a pharmacy 's picture preparing a street sign while a pharmacy of broadway.
Answer sentence: this is a picture of a broadway rite aid pharmacy that has a bright neon sign and people are prepared to cross the street in front of it.

Decoded sentence: a man with a goofy goofy on his face grins.
Answer sentence: this is a man with a goofy grin on his face.

Decoded sentence: the young adults at the party are having fun and a young adult of them.
Answer sentence: this is a group of young adults at a party and they are all having fun.

Decoded sentence: a good of tourists at a good maps.
Answer sentence: this is a good map for tourists.

Decoded sentence: the gentleman is standing by the image of the camera with a younger male and red image.
Answer sentence: this image is of a crying toddler being held by an older gentleman with a camera as a younger male with long red-hair stands beside them.

Decoded sentence: a helmeted person doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.
Answer sentence: this helmeted person is doing a stunt on a bicycle outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a restaurant of one best having a best one of the best.
Answer sentence: this has to be one of the best restaurant 's on the east side !

Decoded sentence: the lady is trying to enjoy the band while the lady enjoys the own baby and the baby enjoys.
Answer sentence: this guy is try to be his own band and they lady with the baby looks like she enjoying it.

Decoded sentence: a tasty i i i dish dishes.
Answer sentence: this dish is very tasty and i enjoy this dish

Decoded sentence: a crowd is proud to the crowd.
Answer sentence: this clown is proud to be entertaining the crowd.

Decoded sentence: third girl in a world world.
Answer sentence: third-world girl in hammock.

Decoded sentence: a lap swims across a pool.
Answer sentence: they swim laps across the pool.

Decoded sentence: a hockey is playing ice.
Answer sentence: they are playing ice-hockey.

Decoded sentence: two young boys with blue shorts are going to the camera while a young boy goes by the camera.
Answer sentence: these two young boys with blue and gray shorts, smile for the camera before they go play outside.

Decoded sentence: two people are eating.
Answer sentence: these two people are eating.

Decoded sentence: two ladies are working in a field.
Answer sentence: these two ladies are working in the fields.

Decoded sentence: three boys are trying to wood a wood.
Answer sentence: these three boys are trying to carry some wood.

Decoded sentence: people sit outside on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: these people are sitting outside on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people playing various instruments and there are them in various people.
Answer sentence: these people are in a restaurant, having drinks, and playing various instruments.

Decoded sentence: people doing dangerous dangerous.
Answer sentence: these people are doing dangerous things.

Decoded sentence: people are demonstrating for a leader.
Answer sentence: these people are demonstrating for their leader.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the field is playing the field hockey.
Answer sentence: these girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.

Decoded sentence: the beautiful five men are on the ocean looking at each other as they take a picture and.
Answer sentence: these five site seers are on the ocean looking out the man is taking pictures the others are looking at the beautiful blue sea.

Decoded sentence: a woman of a red and black dress carrying musical flags members of a musical ornate building.
Answer sentence: these are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building.

Decoded sentence: the groom is very very animal and groom.
Answer sentence: these are very well groomed animals.

Decoded sentence: a very large onions of a onion.
Answer sentence: these are some very large onions.

Decoded sentence: there are a man riding a pole while people help by a man and a personal woman on the path.
Answer sentence: there is one woman riding a bike and a man who is riding on a segway personal transportation device while carrying a pole that blind people use to help they detect things in their path.

Decoded sentence: there are a man sitting on top of a bus and a school school is walking down the aisle.
Answer sentence: there is one man who is sitting on top of a school bus while another man walks down the aisle of the bus.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a foreground possibly another man with a hammer and another man in a.
Answer sentence: there is one man in the foreground with a hammer, another is in the background, possibly doing the same work as the man in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: there are a big ramp behind a big ramp that says big signs.
Answer sentence: there is big hill of dirt behind signs that say `` ramp closed. ''

Decoded sentence: young man running in the street while a young man cheer him.
Answer sentence: there is a young man running towards the camera, in the street, and his friend is cheering him on.

Decoded sentence: a scoops plays in a lake with a plastic scoops in the sand and a lake scoops by the sand.
Answer sentence: there is a young child in play clothes playing with the sand using a plastic scoop and the calm water in the lake or ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman dressed in midair doing a beautiful multicolored performance with a beautiful.
Answer sentence: there is a woman, who is all dressed up in a beautiful multicolored tutu with a tiara, doing a split in midair for a performance.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a purple fashion quit a fashion way to make a way to old quitting.
Answer sentence: there is a woman with a purple wrap on who is making quits the old fashion way with a loom.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman in a sexy dress standing outdoors as a guy dressed as a cop sexy uniform.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a sexy cop 's uniform and a guy dressed as a prisoner, standing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a black shirt and sunglasses with a man in a white jacket turned back.
Answer sentence: there is a woman in a black jacket and sunglasses and a man in a white shirt with his back turned.

Decoded sentence: there are a clothesline of a woman at a clothesline on a right getting ready to get a piece.
Answer sentence: there is a woman at the window of a building getting ready to hang a small piece of clothing on a clothesline right outside, which already contains some articles of clothing.

Decoded sentence: there are a man wearing a orange shirt playing with a paper instrument in front of a orange.
Answer sentence: there is a woman and man wearing orange shirts, playing instruments with sheet paper in front of them.

Decoded sentence: a surfer wearing a red and black bodysuit is balancing his hand out the water with his.
Answer sentence: there is a surfer in the water, wearing a red and black bodysuit, catching a wave with his hands out for balance.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat walking in the street with a mustache.
Answer sentence: there is a street with people walking and walking their bikes, in particular one man in the forefront who have a black cowboy hat and black clothing on and a handlebar mustache.

Decoded sentence: there are notebooks next to a pile of papers in notebooks next to a small notebook.
Answer sentence: there is a small spiral notebook next to the pile of papers in the bottom left.

Decoded sentence: there are construction shirtless man holding a white toned site standing on the balcony.
Answer sentence: there is a shirtless toned white man standing on a balcony of a construction site and holding some sort of tool.

Decoded sentence: the restaurant is a table and empty before a restaurant.
Answer sentence: there is a restaurant and all the tables are empty.

Decoded sentence: there are a reflection of a outside indicating a indicating bear indicating a foot.
Answer sentence: there is a reflection near the bear 's feet indicating there is water.

Decoded sentence: there are a horse behind a red truck.
Answer sentence: there is a red truck behind the horses.

Decoded sentence: there are a person wearing jeans and a coat climbing a stairs.
Answer sentence: there is a person wearing a coat and jeans climbing stairs.

Decoded sentence: there are a person walking in the street with a red bag full of items full of items on.
Answer sentence: there is a person walking on the street in between a red and yellow car with a bag and a basket full of items.

Decoded sentence: there are costco standing on top of a store outside of a costco store.
Answer sentence: there is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a costco store.

Decoded sentence: a man with a black shirt in a black shirt with a woman in jeans and a woman watch as a.
Answer sentence: there is a performance with a man in a t-shirt and jeans with a woman in all black while an audience watches and laughs.

Decoded sentence: there are a oscar going on a parade floating up a street in a parade holding a grouch grouch.
Answer sentence: there is a parade going on in the street, a group of people are holding up an oscar the grouch float device.

Decoded sentence: spatula cooking spatula with pancakes and man on as she cooks over opposite pan.
Answer sentence: there is a pancake pan cooking a pancake and a man is rolling it over on its opposite side with a spatula.

Decoded sentence: there are a man wrapped in a blanket down the snow covered hill in a snow covered hill.
Answer sentence: there is a man wrapped in a blanket of some sort sliding down a hill that is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a green shirt and hamburgers cooking hamburgers on a grill.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a green t-shirt cooking hamburgers and hotdogs outside on a grill.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with a gray shirt on the speed speed cutting speed speed by the open of.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a gray shirt on his speed boat who caught a big fish, and has started to cut it open.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with a blue hat and a man playing a sign in front of a blue sign.
Answer sentence: there is a man with a fedora hat and blue dress coat playing an accordion in front of a sign.

Decoded sentence: there are bulldozers wearing construction gear standing next to a man wearing a construction.
Answer sentence: there is a man wearing construction gear, standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris.

Decoded sentence: there are a man swinging a rope off a rope into a lake.
Answer sentence: there is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.

Decoded sentence: there are a man on a horse watching a man holding a bucking horse on the rodeo.
Answer sentence: there is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a jean shorts and sandals walking in the jean of a woman 's shorts and.
Answer sentence: there is a man in shorts and sandals and a woman in blue jean shorts and flip-flops out walking together.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a white shirt and khaki pants in a background.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a white shirt and khaki pants in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are a man in a suit and a man in a suit speaking in front of a microphone.
Answer sentence: there is a man in a suit speaking in a microphone in front of a screen.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a white minivan and a white minivan driving down the street pulling.
Answer sentence: there is a man behind a white minivan, police car driving down the street as a white car pulls onto the street.

Decoded sentence: there are three little girls in pink and red dough while a little girl makes a pink dough.
Answer sentence: there is a little girl in pink being helped by three different adults as she makes something from dough and red dye.

Decoded sentence: there are a little boy in a red jacket and holding a little boy walking down the railroad.
Answer sentence: there is a little boy in a red jacket walking down the railroad tracks and holding a stick.

Decoded sentence: there are a little girl with a red shirt and a little girl playing on a playground.
Answer sentence: there is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground.

Decoded sentence: the cot in the background is setting up the large cot with the cot and the cot are setting.
Answer sentence: there is a large building in the background and there are lots of people and some of them are setting up cots with blankets on them.

Decoded sentence: the lady with the black shirt is playing the game of the lady wearing a black shirt and.
Answer sentence: there is a lady with glasses and wearing a black shirt and she is also playing a video game.

Decoded sentence: there are a dining in a room eating and black dog in the living room.
Answer sentence: there is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room, some sleeping some eating.

Decoded sentence: a man in a dark outfit and blue outfit playing a accordion while one man is playing.
Answer sentence: there is a group of five men in dark blue outfits and one is playing an accordion.

Decoded sentence: there are a girl in a pink doll on a girl with her sleeping floor.
Answer sentence: there is a girl in all pink sleeping on the floor with her dolls.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing next to a man and a girl decorated in a distance decorated of island.
Answer sentence: there is a girl decorating for an event and a man is standing next to her smiling, and an island poster in the distance.

Decoded sentence: there are a man with hard hat and people in the outdoor station including a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: there is a crowd of people at an outdoor station including some men in hard hats and safety jackets.

Decoded sentence: there are two children with stony flags and groom on a stony place with their flags and.
Answer sentence: there is a bride and groom with two children, a woman and a man carrying a flag, standing on a stony place.

Decoded sentence: there are a utility in a truck and a boat by a left utility truck.
Answer sentence: there is a boat in the background to the left of the orange utility truck.

Decoded sentence: a female blond male officer talking to a female in front of a brown and brown officer.
Answer sentence: there is a blond female office and a male brown headed officer standing in front of a pole talking.

Decoded sentence: young man playing a game of football while a young man is playing.
Answer sentence: there are young men playing a game of football, one man has been tackled by another player.

Decoded sentence: two young girls are standing next to each other in a snowy field while others are hugging.
Answer sentence: there are two young sisters standing next to each other in a snowy field, and the older girl is hugging her little sister.

Decoded sentence: people hiking on a trail next to a young trail with a backpack and a backpack.
Answer sentence: there are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail.

Decoded sentence: two workers are outside with a yellow and yellow stripes and the one on the ladder is a.
Answer sentence: there are two workers, one on a ladder, against a blue wall with a yellow-and-black stripe.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing white shirts and sunglasses waving a hand while a woman wearing a white.
Answer sentence: there are two women waving one hand and wearing white shirts, scarves, sunglasses, white gloves, and stewardess hats.

Decoded sentence: there are two men playing a small green ball with a man in a green cap watching the grass.
Answer sentence: there are two small boys wearing ball caps, playing t-ball in green grass with three adult men watching.

Decoded sentence: two people climb on a rock while one of them is climbing a rock.
Answer sentence: there are two people rock climbing, one is on the ground while the other climbs.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a backpack with two men wearing sunglasses and one is wearing sunglasses.
Answer sentence: there are two men with sunglasses, one of which is wearing a hat and a backpack.

Decoded sentence: there are two men on a living living man doing a ladder for one of them.
Answer sentence: there are two men on a ladder one is at the top handing down to the other guy the number `` o '' as this what they do for a living.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in orange vests and life vests at a pier signal.
Answer sentence: there are two men in orange life vests signaling to a cruise ship docking at a pier.

Decoded sentence: two men are wearing red shirts at a metal center with a metal burners burners and the metal.
Answer sentence: there are two men here at the center of the picture wearing red tie dye shirts and metal helmets topped with lit burners.

Decoded sentence: there are two men kicking a karate match in the left while a man in a karate match is engaged.
Answer sentence: there are two men engaged in a karate match, the man on the left kicks the man on the right in the face while the man on the right kicks the man on the left in the groin.

Decoded sentence: there are two men in front of a female looking down at the window as the man and the female.
Answer sentence: there are two men and one female sitting down and looking at their laptops in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: two football players wearing blue and white uniforms are holding a football ball while.
Answer sentence: there are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.

Decoded sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.
Answer sentence: there are two dogs playing with each other.

Decoded sentence: two children are playing home while playing at the home.
Answer sentence: there are two children at home, playing.

Decoded sentence: there are a tree with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: there are trees with no leaves in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are three young people with dark hair and one with a dark hair and the head in a.
Answer sentence: there are three young people, one dark-haired holding a bottled drink, one with head tilted back and finger in her mouth, and one with spiked hair.

Decoded sentence: there are three young boys playing in a park with red balls.
Answer sentence: there are three young boys playing in a public park with a red ball.

Decoded sentence: three men are laying on the beach and there are fully fully with a man and a woman nearby.
Answer sentence: there are three fully clothed women laying on the beach together with a man nearby as well.

Decoded sentence: there are three dogs wearing jerseys and running race.
Answer sentence: there are three dogs wearing numbered jerseys running a race.

Decoded sentence: there are majority majority up the window of a tall building and a small majority up.
Answer sentence: there are tall windows and small windows that make up the majority of the building.

Decoded sentence: there are a tree around a tree.
Answer sentence: there are several trees around the horses.

Decoded sentence: there are a goldfish goldfish looking through water with blue goldfish goldfish down.
Answer sentence: there are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish.

Decoded sentence: the construction worker is at a stage in the early top of it who is a gray top and the.
Answer sentence: there are several construction workers at the top of a building which is in the early stages of construction and has only gray bricks for walls.

Decoded sentence: there are a worried standing with a sad scattered trash with a white sad face looking at.
Answer sentence: there are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area.

Decoded sentence: there are a blonde blonde on a tennis player behind a tennis ball.
Answer sentence: there are many tennis balls on a stand behind the blonde tennis player.

Decoded sentence: there are a dimly lit people sitting in a dimly lit room.
Answer sentence: there are many people sitting in a dimly lit room talking.

Decoded sentence: the padded man with the long red five five men are watching the screen as they watch.
Answer sentence: there are long, red, padded benches behind the five screens, with only one man there to watch.

Decoded sentence: people cooking up in a wooded table with two men hanging items and watching the picnic.
Answer sentence: there are items hanging up in the background and then there are picnic tables made of wood and two big grills where people are cooking and a man watching.

Decoded sentence: a handprints handprints over a mat.
Answer sentence: there are handprints all over this mat.

Decoded sentence: there are four people talking in a booth booth.
Answer sentence: there are four people talking in the phone booths.

Decoded sentence: there are four people dressed in orange clothes walking down a street.
Answer sentence: there are four people dressed in orange clothes walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: there are four individuals with red and black gear standing in the waters by a flippers.
Answer sentence: there are four individuals standing together in a line at the waters edge wearing black diving gear with red and black flippers.

Decoded sentence: there are five people in a picture and talking with two men in a background talking outside.
Answer sentence: there are five people in the picture, two guys talking near a sign for free advice, a man and women facing away and another man on a phone in the background.

Decoded sentence: there are a couple of old men sitting on concrete outside a concrete bench.
Answer sentence: there are a couple of old men sitting on a concrete bench outside.

Decoded sentence: there are 4 people in bathing suits with snow lights and walking along the snow and 4 buildings.
Answer sentence: there are 4 people in the snow at night wearing bathing suits standing and walking near a small building with a light on.

Decoded sentence: the 4 4 horses are 4 in the horse.
Answer sentence: there are 4 horses in the photo.

Decoded sentence: there are 3 people in a picture with 3 men in a open object looking at a wide open object.
Answer sentence: there are 3 people in this picture, a man who is looking through some object, another looking at something else perhaps not in the picture, and a little girl with her mouth open wide.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long braids and a long braided desk looking at a desk in a microscope.
Answer sentence: their are three women at a desk and the women with the long braid looks in the microscope.

Decoded sentence: the man dressed as a youthfully is jumping in the air while the man takes his picture while.
Answer sentence: the youthfully dressed man takes a picture of himself as he jumps in the air and spilling his coffee.

Decoded sentence: young man in white apron holding a chicken while a young man holds a chicken.
Answer sentence: the young man in the white apron is holding a chicken he has killed and will be processing for food.

Decoded sentence: young man in a white shirt and blue shirt holding a graffiti covered in a ladder covered.
Answer sentence: the young man in the blue shirt holds the ladder for the man in the white shirt in a graffiti-covered alley.

Decoded sentence: young goalie takes a soccer match during a match.
Answer sentence: the young ladie takes a goalie kick during a soccer match.

Decoded sentence: a young gymnast balancing his body of his body against a body beam.
Answer sentence: the young gymnast 's supple body soars above the balance beam.

Decoded sentence: young girl runs on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: the young girl is running on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: young baseball player contemplating his pitch.
Answer sentence: the young ohio baseball player contemplates his pitch.

Decoded sentence: a stoplight glows a stoplight on a stoplight 's stoplight.
Answer sentence: the yellow of the stoplight casts a glow on the metal of the fixture.

Decoded sentence: workers prepare a large tube for the tube.
Answer sentence: the workers prepare the large tube for hauling.

Decoded sentence: workers standing on a city sidewalk with a large drill on the sidewalk and drilling.
Answer sentence: the worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill.

Decoded sentence: workers on a task as a hedge is concentrating by the task with the task behind them.
Answer sentence: the worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care.

Decoded sentence: comprising comprising colored comprising are seated portion of wood.
Answer sentence: the wood used for the seat portion of the bench is comprised of different colored slats.

Decoded sentence: corduroy and a woman working under a black and black sweatshirt while trying to work on.
Answer sentence: the woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt, but her red corduroy pants give her away.

Decoded sentence: woman jumping and landing in the sand while a woman jumps up.
Answer sentence: the woman jumps to hit the blue and white volleyball before it lands in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses standing next to a street sign in the middle of a street sign.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing sunglasses in the middle of a street and is standing next to a roadwork ahead sign.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a jewelry is visible by a jewelry necklace.
Answer sentence: the woman is wearing a necklace but has no other visible jewelry.

Decoded sentence: a woman holding sunglasses and a woman on top of a mug.
Answer sentence: the woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.

Decoded sentence: the woman is at a marketplace buying fish from a marketplace.
Answer sentence: the woman is at marketplace buying fish from an arabic person.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a gray shirt and black pants with a black dog walks along the dog with a child.
Answer sentence: the woman in the purple shirt and gray pants is taking the black dog and a child with an orange shirt and a girl with a gray shirt out for a walk.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the blue dress is holding a oncoming out traffic.
Answer sentence: the woman in the blue dress is holding out her arm at oncoming traffic.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a white sweater and a woman with a black skirt gives a party while eagerly eagerly.
Answer sentence: the woman in the black shirt and reddish skirt is getting a gift from the man with the white shirt, while a girl with a white sweater is looking eagerly at what the man is giving the woman, and are, presumably, in a party.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the black headdress is wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: the woman in glasses is wearing a black headdress.

Decoded sentence: the woman in the brown vest is having a brown dog and a black dog and a brown dog is a.
Answer sentence: the woman in blue shorts and a brown vest has a black dog to the right of her and a dog behind her.

Decoded sentence: italian italian are italian with italian wine.
Answer sentence: the wine will taste great with italian food.

Decoded sentence: the window is of the building.
Answer sentence: the windows of the building are barred.

Decoded sentence: a helmeted of shotguns with a red helmeted and white shotguns shotguns up his face with.
Answer sentence: the white-helmeted driver of the red, white and blue car, with a passenger riding shotgun, whipped up dust and rocks in the wooded taped-off area, the debris creating an eerie, ghostlike view of the face of the person behind him.

Decoded sentence: swans swans take off from water.
Answer sentence: the white swan is taking off from the water.

Decoded sentence: a poodle and white dog coming out of a blue tent.
Answer sentence: the white poodle dog is coming out of a blue tent.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a red spot is catching a frisbee.
Answer sentence: the white dog with black spots is catching a red frisbee.

Decoded sentence: a white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a white dog.
Answer sentence: the white dog is chasing a toy that is attached to a string across the grass.

Decoded sentence: the jet dog is in the water with a white dog face.
Answer sentence: the white dog is being squirted in the face with a jet of water.

Decoded sentence: a black and white cat paw at a piece of fabric.
Answer sentence: the white and black cat pawed at the piece of fabric.

Decoded sentence: a clear weather.
Answer sentence: the weather looks clear.

Decoded sentence: a clear water.
Answer sentence: the water is very clear.

Decoded sentence: a calm water.
Answer sentence: the water is very calm.

Decoded sentence: the mirror in front of the mirror is mirror.
Answer sentence: the wall in front of the bed is mirrored.

Decoded sentence: people with black vests and big white vests are waiting in the mirror with their waiter.
Answer sentence: the waiter with a white shirt and black vest is waiting on the people in the restaurant with a big mirror in the wall.

Decoded sentence: a view from at a public beach overlooking a beach.
Answer sentence: the view from a overlook at the public beach.

Decoded sentence: a child walking along a window of a school track and a child cracking out to the view from.
Answer sentence: the view from a cracked train window of children walking to or from school along train tracks.

Decoded sentence: two young girls wearing skirts and one in a skirt and one in a skirt are playing a fountain.
Answer sentence: the two young girls, one wearing a skirt and the other wearing shorts, are playing in a bubbling fountain.

Decoded sentence: two young children are in a stroller and riding a ride painted in a white and white costumes.
Answer sentence: the two young children are in black and white face paint and costumes while riding in a stroller, they are being pushed by a man also in face paint and a costume

Decoded sentence: two people gaze at a unique unique on unique wall.
Answer sentence: the two people gazed at the unique pictures on the wall.

Decoded sentence: two people are walking on a rock river and crossing the river.
Answer sentence: the two people are crossing the river by walking on the rocks.

Decoded sentence: two men are fixing together.
Answer sentence: the two man are fixing something.

Decoded sentence: two beautiful horses are in the beautiful horse.
Answer sentence: the two horses are beautiful.

Decoded sentence: two girls play on a red jungle gym.
Answer sentence: the two girls are playing on a yellow and red jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: two dogs with flat clothing are in a flat field.
Answer sentence: the two dogs with clothing are in a flat uncut field.

Decoded sentence: two dogs are running through the side of a water.
Answer sentence: the two dogs are running through the water side by side.

Decoded sentence: two gymnast gymnast atop a red ball and bare feet atop a large event.
Answer sentence: the two bare feet of gymnast are seen balancing atop a large, red balance ball at a public event.

Decoded sentence: a tree.
Answer sentence: the trees are green

Decoded sentence: a trailer is in the trailer.
Answer sentence: the trailer is white

Decoded sentence: a yellow traffic is traffic.
Answer sentence: the traffic lights are painted yellow

Decoded sentence: the dangerous way is a light of dangerous way.
Answer sentence: the traffic light could be dangerous the way it is hung.

Decoded sentence: sovereign sovereign sovereign to a tow.
Answer sentence: the tow company is named `` sovereign ''.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black shirt and black striped shirt is in the river telling it is on the.
Answer sentence: the tourists are out on the river in italy, the man in the black and white striped shirt will tell them about the seine.

Decoded sentence: young rules wearing a dark cap and a dark cap and dark cap are pointing out to the list.
Answer sentence: the tour guide wore a dark shirt and cap as he pointed out the sign listing the rules to his young passengers.

Decoded sentence: three men are wearing black tape with a man wearing a black jacket.
Answer sentence: the three men are all wearing a black jacket with yellow highlighting tape.

Decoded sentence: corrugated older man wearing orange shirt and a vintage striped shirt is carrying a moment.
Answer sentence: the thin, older man wearing an orange-striped shirt and gray pants carries his tools on a vintage gray bicycle and rests for a moment by the corrugated building.

Decoded sentence: sweats player wearing headband and sweat eyes from the eyes.
Answer sentence: the tennis player wears a headband to protect his eyes from sweat.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player is having a tennis back.
Answer sentence: the tennis player has her hair tied back

Decoded sentence: wedged wedge are wedge in the gate.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is wedged in the gate

Decoded sentence: a brown teddy brown is with a muzzle and white teddy a teddy bear.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear is tan with a brown nose and a white muzzle.

Decoded sentence: a teddy white teddy a teddy bear that is having a teddy bear on a pad.
Answer sentence: the teddy bear has white pads on the bottom of its feet.

Decoded sentence: a circle of a airplane having a yellow animal with a yellow airplane in the center appears.
Answer sentence: the tail of the airplane has a yellow circle with what appears to be an animal in the center.

Decoded sentence: the table is setting with the type of food table.
Answer sentence: the table is set with many types of food.

Decoded sentence: sprinkled sprinkles sprinkles on a train track.
Answer sentence: the sun sprinkles light on the train tracks.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the forehead of the hot sun as he shines.
Answer sentence: the sun is shining on the man 's forehead and he must be hot with the hat on.

Decoded sentence: a busy store waiting with a customer to a customer in a busy cart and a cart.
Answer sentence: the store is very busy and clustered with customers and their shopping carts waiting in line and shopping.

Decoded sentence: folding sign are stopped around the side of a bus stop.
Answer sentence: the stop sign is folded up against the side of the bus.

Decoded sentence: giraffe on a smaller giraffe face spot.
Answer sentence: the spots on the giraffe 's face are smaller than the ones on its neck.

Decoded sentence: a spectators wearing a hat.
Answer sentence: the spectators wear hats

Decoded sentence: the soil is walking on the dry soil and dry is looking dry.
Answer sentence: the soil they walk on looks very dry.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player wearing a gold jersey is wearing a soccer ball from the opposing team.
Answer sentence: the soccer player wearing the gold jersey is blocking the ball from the opposing team player.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player in a red and white clad over green head kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: the soccer player in red kicks the ball over the head of his white and green clad opponent.

Decoded sentence: a snowboarder sits down.
Answer sentence: the snowboarder is sitting down.

Decoded sentence: tightly tightly tightly down near a pack.
Answer sentence: the snow is packed down tightly near the parking lot.

Decoded sentence: the very woman in red and red helmet is holding a very rope outdoors.
Answer sentence: the smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.

Decoded sentence: the small girl in a red and red snowsuit is smiling and sitting on a large snowball.
Answer sentence: the small girl in the hello kitty gloves and red snowsuit smiles while sitting on a large snowball.

Decoded sentence: the small furry dog is walking in a green grass.
Answer sentence: the small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: small dog plays in the snow.
Answer sentence: the small dogs play in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the small boy in the red hat is having a small cracker.
Answer sentence: the small boy in the red hat has a cracker.

Decoded sentence: a clear blue sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue and clear.

Decoded sentence: a blue sky.
Answer sentence: the sky is blue

Decoded sentence: lighter in a blue top and blue lighter a lighter at a ombre while a ombre darker is ombre.
Answer sentence: the sky in the background has an ombre effect, darker blue at the top and lighter blue at the bottom.

Decoded sentence: skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.
Answer sentence: the skinny brown dog is walking on a fallen tree.

Decoded sentence: a skier jumps over a snowy mound in front of a snowy tree.
Answer sentence: the skier is jumping over a snowy mound in front of a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder in a white shirt looks on as others are balancing in the background on the.
Answer sentence: the skateboarder in the white shirt balances on the ledge as the others look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: arlington arlington the arlington of a marker sign.
Answer sentence: the sign indicates a marker for the arlington line.

Decoded sentence: a closest closest to the sidewalk is closest.
Answer sentence: the sidewalk closest to us is deserted.

Decoded sentence: a shinning shinning dressed in a black leather pants and a black leather shoes is shining.
Answer sentence: the shoeshine man, who shines shoes for a living, is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless male and wearing a backpack and a silver helmet is looking on a silver marathon.
Answer sentence: the shirtless male marathon runner is wearing a backpack and a silver robot looking helmet on his head.

Decoded sentence: a shadow of a shadow is shadow over a tree to a tree.
Answer sentence: the shadows of trees are projected onto the field by the sun.

Decoded sentence: a security guard is smiling.
Answer sentence: the security guard is smiling.

Decoded sentence: a scuba scuba underwater.
Answer sentence: the scuba diver is underwater.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue coat and blue uniform with two arms in front of a man in a sailor.
Answer sentence: the sailor wearing his white uniform and cap with his arms folded a standing in front of the ship as two man with blue coats are talking

Decoded sentence: the rusty lock is locked to the rusty.
Answer sentence: the rusty lock is attached to a chain.

Decoded sentence: rottweiller with paws and a rottweiller on a green steps paw for a first paw.
Answer sentence: the rottweiller is laying with its head and paws on the first step of the green carpeted stair.

Decoded sentence: a room.
Answer sentence: the room is carpeted.

Decoded sentence: grey grey grey with a brick road.
Answer sentence: the road is paved with grey bricks.

Decoded sentence: ripples in the sunlight reflecting water.
Answer sentence: the ripples in the water reflect the sunlight.

Decoded sentence: slanted slanted and red.
Answer sentence: the red lines are slanted.

Decoded sentence: policemen having notes in hand.
Answer sentence: the policeman is having note in his hand.

Decoded sentence: two pedestrians are having a sign that has pedestrians and pedestrians.
Answer sentence: the pole has two pedestrian signs bolted to it.

Decoded sentence: people on a field of baseball teams stand and watching the player in the field.
Answer sentence: the players of the baseball team are standing on the field, with many people watching from the stands.

Decoded sentence: the cheeseburger with the cheeseburger club is doing the plate of the plate while the cheeseburger.
Answer sentence: the plate with the cheeseburger has a knife, fork, and spoon, while the plate with the club sandwich does not.

Decoded sentence: a overgrown overgrown and a overgrown are shrubs.
Answer sentence: the plants or shrubs have not been trimmed and are overgrown.

Decoded sentence: people are walking on a sidewalk with a downtown area that has a downtown downtown area.
Answer sentence: the picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street, and walking on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a picture appears to be a picture.
Answer sentence: the picture appears to be all in black and white except for blue and red colors.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman takes a picture of a similar to take a picture while they look on as they take.
Answer sentence: the photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.

Decoded sentence: people wearing riot uniforms and seem to be right or a riot riot.
Answer sentence: the person towards the right is wearing riot uniform while people seem to be filing out.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bicycle wearing red.
Answer sentence: the person on the bicycle is wearing red.

Decoded sentence: a person in a striped shirt is climbing a mountain.
Answer sentence: the person in the striped shirt is mountain climbing.

Decoded sentence: people watching a batter.
Answer sentence: the people watch the batter.

Decoded sentence: people on a street wearing needed needed to be needed.
Answer sentence: the people on the street need to be wearing sunscreen.

Decoded sentence: people with animal having a animal.
Answer sentence: the people have some animals with them.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in white are having a good time.
Answer sentence: the people dressed in all white are having a good time.

Decoded sentence: people walking up a ramp and a man is walking on a ramp.
Answer sentence: the people are walking up the ramp and the man in walking on the road.

Decoded sentence: people are eating to eat colored wall.
Answer sentence: the people are eating by a teal colored wall.

Decoded sentence: a bolt bolt is having a sign on top of a sign into it.
Answer sentence: the pedestrian sign has a bolt through it on the top and bottom.

Decoded sentence: mounted mounted mounted into the ground.
Answer sentence: the park bench is mounted into the ground.

Decoded sentence: please please on a job by a please is please by pain.
Answer sentence: the pain job on this craft is pleasing to the eye.

Decoded sentence: the older woman is talking to the older child.
Answer sentence: the older woman is talking to the child.

Decoded sentence: bump playing a game called bumping.
Answer sentence: the older male wearing a green shirt and shorts with black hair is teaching the younger male, wearing a graphic tee with blond-hair how to play a game, called bump off.

Decoded sentence: the older lady toilet dark paper is making a plate of paper out of a toilet paper.
Answer sentence: the older lady and dark-haired girl are making crafts out of paper plates and toilet paper rolls.

Decoded sentence: the redheaded woman is driving by the bank of the bank of the bank while the naked cowboy.
Answer sentence: the naked cowboy outside of the bank of america is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by.

Decoded sentence: the musicians in the brown coats are walking in the brown shoes.
Answer sentence: the musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes.

Decoded sentence: cord cord under a white mouse.
Answer sentence: the mouse cord lies under a white napkin.

Decoded sentence: a mountain in a snowy mountain and mountains.
Answer sentence: the mountains in the distance are wooded and snowy.

Decoded sentence: a biker biker in a blue mountain riding down a rocky path.
Answer sentence: the mountain biker in blue rides down a rocky path.

Decoded sentence: a honda of motorcycles.
Answer sentence: the motorcycle is a honda.

Decoded sentence: a man climbs.
Answer sentence: the men are climbing.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing the tub is performing with the tub while the woman watches.
Answer sentence: the man, who is wearing the handkerchief, is performing a task with the tub while the woman watches.

Decoded sentence: the man is playing while the wife is wife while the wife is wife.
Answer sentence: the man, the wife and the son are playing together.

Decoded sentence: a brightly colored man takes a picture of a graffiti full of graffiti along.
Answer sentence: the man, only visible as a black silhouette, took a picture along a brightly colored wall full of graffiti.

Decoded sentence: the man has a stick and a man sticking his ears out.
Answer sentence: the man 's ears stick out because he has no hair.

Decoded sentence: the man with the cane is on the cane.
Answer sentence: the man with the cane is on a walk.

Decoded sentence: a man with a backpack is sitting in front of a courtyard of art and reading art.
Answer sentence: the man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red vest is dropping orange tools from the upper on a scaffold in a upper.
Answer sentence: the man wearing orange is dropping tools from the upper scaffold to the man in the red vest on the lower scaffold.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a colorful outfit and a colorful outfit holding hands in the camera.
Answer sentence: the man wearing a colorful outfit is holding something in both hands and smiling for the camera.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing in the body of water near a body of water.
Answer sentence: the man stands in a body of water near a waterfall.

Decoded sentence: a man is close to his close.
Answer sentence: the man stands close to the train at the busy train station.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the bridge while the man with the litter sits around the bridge.
Answer sentence: the man sits on a sofa under the bridge and litter is all around him.

Decoded sentence: a man on a yellow team is trying to score a yellow and yellow team on the opposing team.
Answer sentence: the man on the yellow basketball team tries to score while the men on the opposing team try to block his shot.

Decoded sentence: a man in white is white is a man in a white and white is white on the man.
Answer sentence: the man is white.

Decoded sentence: a man welding a welding.
Answer sentence: the man is welding the iron.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a red mask and a red mask stands in front of a man in a red outfit.
Answer sentence: the man is wearing a red outfit and red mask stands in front of another man in urban camouflage.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing on the ground and upside down on a bottle with a bottle.
Answer sentence: the man is standing upside down on the bottle, with hands on the ground.

Decoded sentence: hatch standing around a man with a hatch open back hatch.
Answer sentence: the man is standing behind his opened back hatch of his vehicle.

Decoded sentence: a man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.
Answer sentence: the man is skateboarding on a large brick staircase.

Decoded sentence: a man plays his stringed instrument on the ground.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a man plays his guitar.
Answer sentence: the man is playing a guitar.

Decoded sentence: the man is on a ski boat in the water.
Answer sentence: the man is on a ski boat in the water.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man riding a bike 's bike on the dirt bank of a stream.
Answer sentence: the man is dirt bike riding is the stream and climbing the rocks on the bank of the water.

Decoded sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is singing and playing the guitar.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is singing and playing guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow pants is raising his arm.
Answer sentence: the man in the yellow pants is raising his arms.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red sweatshirt and red sweatshirt is taking a shopping shop on a hebrew shop.
Answer sentence: the man in the red, hooded sweatshirt looks back and construction is taking place on a shop with hebrew lettering.

Decoded sentence: the man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the machine.
Answer sentence: the man in the hooded sweatshirt is controlling the large machine.

Decoded sentence: the man in the dark suit is doing a dark show.
Answer sentence: the man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.

Decoded sentence: the man in the cowboy hat is looking at a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: the man in the cowboy hat looks at the motorcycle curiously.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue shirt is pointing in the little direction of the man direction.
Answer sentence: the man in the blue shirt is looking in the direction to which the little boy is pointing.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black leather jacket is joust from the joust.
Answer sentence: the man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the man in the foreground is talking to the camera while the man in the foreground is talking.
Answer sentence: the man in the background is grilling food while the man in the foreground is talking to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt is kicking a soccer ball on a green and man in a green shirt and.
Answer sentence: the man in black shorts and a green shirt with the number 25 on the back is about to kick the soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red shirt and red shirt is playing a frisbee in a park.
Answer sentence: the man in a red checkered shirt is having beer and playing frisbee in the park.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue sweatshirt is in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: the man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a man carrying a shopping bag to a bus.
Answer sentence: the man carries his shopping bags to the bus.

Decoded sentence: a man carrying a backpack while hiking through a large terrain.
Answer sentence: the man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are sitting by the boat.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are sitting by the boats.

Decoded sentence: the man and woman are drinking out of a jar.
Answer sentence: the man and woman are drinking out of canning jars.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman are resting on a bench while a woman resting on a bench.
Answer sentence: the man and the women are resting their arms on the bench.

Decoded sentence: a little girl is making a sign to make a sign for touchdown.
Answer sentence: the little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for `` touchdown ! ''

Decoded sentence: a little girl swings in the backyard.
Answer sentence: the little girl swings in the backyard.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is sitting on top of a rock.
Answer sentence: the little girl sits on top of a rock.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a device in the water.
Answer sentence: the little girl is wearing a floating device in the water.

Decoded sentence: the little girl 's soaping is helping out of a little girl.
Answer sentence: the little girl is helping her little brother get soap out of the dispenser.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is smiling while he is smiling.
Answer sentence: the little girl and the man are smiling.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting on a tractor 's tractor and a little boy driving a blue tractor on.
Answer sentence: the little boy sits on the man 's lap driving the blue tractor on the winding road down the hill.

Decoded sentence: the little boy in the red is attempting to catch a soccer ball while he attempts to catch.
Answer sentence: the little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.

Decoded sentence: a storm flies a light storm in a storm storm.
Answer sentence: the light could become a flying object in a wind storm.

Decoded sentence: the dark brown and brown dog is running in a green grass.
Answer sentence: the light brown dog and dark brown dog are running in the green grass.

Decoded sentence: the band members of the band are visiting with song and sing and having a song and sing.
Answer sentence: the lead singer visited with his band members and had the guitarist sing along with the song.

Decoded sentence: the singer singer up from a purple and purple band is holding a microphone in hand hand.
Answer sentence: the lead singer from a band is holding a microphone and both hands up in the air against a purple background.

Decoded sentence: the guitarist guitarist is playing on stage.
Answer sentence: the lead guitarist is playing on stage.

Decoded sentence: the gray and gray dog is jumping on the beach.
Answer sentence: the large gray colored dog is jumping on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a large dancer sling his hair sling.
Answer sentence: the large dancer is slinging her hair around.

Decoded sentence: a lake is in the shallow lake.
Answer sentence: the lake looks very shallow.

Decoded sentence: a lady is putting her lipstick on her lipstick in a mirror lip.
Answer sentence: the lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: a lady at a gym is lifting a weights.
Answer sentence: the lady at the gym is lifting weights.

Decoded sentence: a man at a restaurant including a man in a red jacket observing a dining room.
Answer sentence: the kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a kid sliding down a tan plastic slide.
Answer sentence: the kid is sliding down a tan plastic slide.

Decoded sentence: the kids are on the snow in the snow.
Answer sentence: the kid is on a float in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a kid riding to a bike ride.
Answer sentence: the kid is learning to ride a bike.

Decoded sentence: a keyboard and white keyboard.
Answer sentence: the keyboard is white

Decoded sentence: journey malfunctions to the mechanical mechanical.
Answer sentence: the journey is temporarily delayed by mechanical malfunctions.

Decoded sentence: the inline boy in the blue shirt is leaping over a blue barrel.
Answer sentence: the inline skater boy, in the orange shirt, is leaping over a blue barrel.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe of image of a giraffe tree and a giraffe blurry in the background.
Answer sentence: the image of the giraffe is clear, but the tree in the background is blurry.

Decoded sentence: links links links.
Answer sentence: the image links are broken.

Decoded sentence: the image is of a small white x over a box of x.
Answer sentence: the image is of a red x inside a small white box.

Decoded sentence: a horsies looking horsies for the same horsies.
Answer sentence: the horsies look to be the same age.

Decoded sentence: a horse on a red horse.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right is red.

Decoded sentence: the mane on the right is having a red mane.
Answer sentence: the horse on the right has a red mane.

Decoded sentence: a horse on a brown horse.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left is brown.

Decoded sentence: the markings on the left has a white horse.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has white markings.

Decoded sentence: the mane on the left has a white mane mane.
Answer sentence: the horse on the left has a white mane.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a gray shirt and glasses is holding a mardi gras guy with a gray shirt and glasses.
Answer sentence: the guy in the gray wagamama t-shirt seems a little tipsy as he chats with the woman smiling wearing a brown dress and mardi gras necklaces holding a glass of ale.

Decoded sentence: gummy gummy on a red cake to a gummy in a red and yellow cake.
Answer sentence: the gummy bears on the cake are green, orange, yellow, and red in color.

Decoded sentence: pebbles with a bike and a pebbles pebbles are muddy pebbles into the ground.
Answer sentence: the ground where the bike is parked is muddy with pebbles embedded into the road.

Decoded sentence: the ground covered in the ground.
Answer sentence: the ground is covered in snow.

Decoded sentence: the bride and groom are jumping on the great wall of the wall.
Answer sentence: the groom and bride are both jumping on the great wall of china.

Decoded sentence: interfere interfere player in red lift up a interfere lift.
Answer sentence: the green team lifts a player up in victory after a hard game, but will the red team interfere ?

Decoded sentence: a in a field is in the grass.
Answer sentence: the grass in the field is short.

Decoded sentence: the girl is jumping into the air on the beach.
Answer sentence: the girls is jumping into the air on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a gray tank top and green shorts stands in a railroad tracks of railroad tracks.
Answer sentence: the girl with the green tank top and gray shorts is standing in the middle of the empty railroad track.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a red tank top and a white tank top is sitting on a bench next to a girl with.
Answer sentence: the girl with red sunglasses and a white shirt is sitting on a bench next to the girl in the black tank top.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a pink shirt and pink shorts is jumping in the sand.
Answer sentence: the girl wearing the pink and white shirt and shorts is jumping in the sand.

Decoded sentence: the girl on the scooter is reaching out for the child on the unicycle.
Answer sentence: the girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter.

Decoded sentence: the girl with the pink skirt and pink skirt is standing in front of the house house.
Answer sentence: the girl is wearing a white shirt with pink skirt, and she is standing in front of a house.

Decoded sentence: a girl is rolling up a large wool wool wool.
Answer sentence: the girl is rolling up a large bundle of wool.

Decoded sentence: a girl is lips lips.
Answer sentence: the girl is pursing her lips.

Decoded sentence: a girl plays with a driveway in the driveway.
Answer sentence: the girl is playing with her dog in her driveway.

Decoded sentence: people in black outfits are standing next to two young girls wearing black and black outfits.
Answer sentence: the girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the purple top is wearing a purple hat and laughing.
Answer sentence: the girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.

Decoded sentence: scribbled in a pink shirt and a girl in a blue shirt are looking in sand while fingers.
Answer sentence: the girl in the pink clothing scribbled in the sand with her finger while a girl clad in a blue green shirt looked in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the right jacket is on the right while the girl on the right is in the right.
Answer sentence: the girl in the jacket is on the cement with a sucker in her mouth and a bike to the right.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the pink shirt is high.
Answer sentence: the girl in a pink shirt jumps high over the grass.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the bright pink skirt is dancing near the stroller.
Answer sentence: the girl in a bright pink skirt dances near a stroller.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the black shirt is reading a card card while the friend reads a black card.
Answer sentence: the girl in a black shirt is reading a greeting card that was given to her by a friend of hers.

Decoded sentence: a spaghetti girl eating a red jacket.
Answer sentence: the girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe giraffe giraffe giraffe mouth.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's mouth is closed.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe brown and white giraffe giraffe is lined by a giraffe line.
Answer sentence: the giraffe 's brown spots are separated by white lines.

Decoded sentence: a giraffe giraffe giraffe to the left.
Answer sentence: the giraffe is facing to the left

Decoded sentence: the gentleman is groom after the groom.
Answer sentence: the gentleman is quite well groomed.

Decoded sentence: the gal wearing a blue and black jacket and sunglasses is smiling.
Answer sentence: the gal wearing the black sunglasses and blue jean jacket is smiling.

Decoded sentence: a male fuzzy photo is showing his instrument at a fuzzy fuzzy fuzzy instrument in a background.
Answer sentence: the fuzzy photo shows a male singer at a mike, with instruments arranged in the background.

Decoded sentence: oxidation oxidation and a oxidation are slicing juice to prevent a fruit with juice.
Answer sentence: the fruits should be treated with lemon juice when sliced to prevent oxidation.

Decoded sentence: the asian girl is standing on the street corner with four bookbags on it.
Answer sentence: the four asian girls are standing on a street corner, all with bookbags on their shoulders.

Decoded sentence: a football player wearing a purple jersey and gold pants is wearing a purple jersey.
Answer sentence: the football players wear purple pants, gold helmets and white jerseys.

Decoded sentence: a red and white football player in a red crowd.
Answer sentence: the football players are wearing red and white, and the crowd is also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: a football player running with his football while trying to score the football.
Answer sentence: the football player is running with a football trying to score.

Decoded sentence: the needed is to eat food.
Answer sentence: the food needs to be eaten soon.

Decoded sentence: a tiled floor.
Answer sentence: the floor is tiled.

Decoded sentence: a baseball braves is a braves braves choke the first baseman.
Answer sentence: the first basemen for the atlanta braves chokes the baseball.

Decoded sentence: a fence in the field.
Answer sentence: the field is fenced in.

Decoded sentence: a curling curled curled a curling.
Answer sentence: the elephant 's nose is curled.

Decoded sentence: the elderly lady in the green dress is walking down the street using a cane to support.
Answer sentence: the elderly lady in the green dress walks down the street while using a cane to support herself.

Decoded sentence: drunk man in gray shirt attempts to man into a gray shirt attempts to await the beer.
Answer sentence: the drunk man in the gray shirt is attempting to drill into a keg of beer, while another keg awaits.

Decoded sentence: young people dressed up in chairs waiting while they wait.
Answer sentence: the dressed up young people are sitting in chairs while they wait.

Decoded sentence: polished polished polished for a double sink.
Answer sentence: the double sink is freshly polished chrome.

Decoded sentence: the dog is joining with a red harness.
Answer sentence: the dogs are joined together with a red harness.

Decoded sentence: planks planks on a high planks.
Answer sentence: the dog walks on the high plank.

Decoded sentence: the girl is laying on the ground next to a little girl with a red dog.
Answer sentence: the dog is laying on the ground next to the little girl with the red bike.

Decoded sentence: a dog chases a goat around a yard.
Answer sentence: the dog is chasing the goat around the yard.

Decoded sentence: a dog carries a toy through the grass.
Answer sentence: the dog is carrying a toy through the grass.

Decoded sentence: a dog in a red vest running in the field.
Answer sentence: the dog in the red vest runs in the field.

Decoded sentence: a dashboard of a brown dog with a brown toy car.
Answer sentence: the dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll.

Decoded sentence: a cylinder of red and red patterned describe described.
Answer sentence: the cylinder 's pattern could be described as red chevron.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist pushes a corner down the corner of a round position while trying to keep.
Answer sentence: the cyclist makes another push to try and keep his position after slowly down to round a corner.

Decoded sentence: a shiny cup.
Answer sentence: the cup is shiny.

Decoded sentence: a crowd watches to gather to watch.
Answer sentence: the crowd is gathered to watch a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: the couple is looking at the ocean in a large ship.
Answer sentence: the couple is together looking at the large ship in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a couple eating a meal outside.
Answer sentence: the couple eat their meal outside.

Decoded sentence: a woman 's coordinate color clothing is coordinate.
Answer sentence: the colors of the woman 's clothing do not coordinate.

Decoded sentence: a monotone of a gray and white monotone monotone with a black and white monotone.
Answer sentence: the colors of the kitchen are monotone colors of white, tan, gray, and black.

Decoded sentence: a collie collie blue collie blue board running down.
Answer sentence: the collie is running down a blue and yellow board.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing on a four wheeler in the field.
Answer sentence: the children played on the four wheeler in the field.

Decoded sentence: the child is playing on the deck while the child has a red bucket.
Answer sentence: the child playing on the deck has a red bucket on their head.

Decoded sentence: frog children across on a statue of frog land.
Answer sentence: the child leaps across to land on the frog statue.

Decoded sentence: seeking children play in the hide and seek.
Answer sentence: the child is playing hide and seek in the hay.

Decoded sentence: cheerleaders in red and white knee sit on a man 's knees and a white knee.
Answer sentence: the cheerleader in red and white is sitting on the knee of a man also wearing red and white.

Decoded sentence: the middle of white spots is having a horse in the middle of a white spot on the center.
Answer sentence: the center horse has a white spot on his in the middle of his head.

Decoded sentence: squinting squinting.
Answer sentence: the cat is squinting.

Decoded sentence: situated looking out the ground level of a cat in a cat level.
Answer sentence: the cat is looking out of a window situated above ground level in a building.

Decoded sentence: alpha men and alpha alpha walk in front of a group of dental building.
Answer sentence: the camera catches some movement as a man walks in front of the alpha dental group building.

Decoded sentence: gleaming gleaming.
Answer sentence: the bus is gleaming

Decoded sentence: a undergoing undergoing a project project.
Answer sentence: the building is undergoing a construction project.

Decoded sentence: a building has a window.
Answer sentence: the building has many windows

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is walking through the river surrounded by bushes.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is in the snow.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is out in the snow.

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is laying on a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: the brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is catching a ball in the air.
Answer sentence: the brown dog catches a ball in the air.

Decoded sentence: a brown and brown hook called beer hook.
Answer sentence: the brown bottle of beer is called winter hook.

Decoded sentence: a brown and brown dog jumping up to catch a red ball.
Answer sentence: the brown and black dog is jumping up to catch a red ball.

Decoded sentence: the adventures man is wearing winter attire and the back of snow while a white plan is.
Answer sentence: the brilliant white snow serves as a back drop as five men wearing snow boards and winter attire plan their snow boarding adventures.

Decoded sentence: two boys are out the table and sleeping with their homework out to the night.
Answer sentence: the boys are having a night out from homework ; some are at the table while two are sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a red and white shirt is falling down the soccer ball in a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: the boy with the red soccer suit is falling down while the boy in the white shirt has his eyes on the ball.

Decoded sentence: a boy is skateboarding on a bench by a fence.
Answer sentence: the boy is skateboarding on the bench by the fence.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing with a colorful ribbon.
Answer sentence: the boy is playing with a colorful ribbon.

Decoded sentence: the boy is jumping in the air.
Answer sentence: the boy is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: the girl in the gray shirt is standing next to a girl in a gray shirt and green hat on.
Answer sentence: the boy in the gray t-shirt is standing next to the girl in the green dress and cowboy hat on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the boy in the red shirt is waiting out the bat as he is swinging the ball towards the.
Answer sentence: the boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out.

Decoded sentence: the boy in the swimming trunks is laying down on the pavement and the watery.
Answer sentence: the boy in swim trunks is laying face down on a watery pavement.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a gray sweatshirt is doing a trick in a picture of a gray sweatshirt on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: the boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard.

Decoded sentence: a white boat.
Answer sentence: the boat is white

Decoded sentence: two mast mast a large boat.
Answer sentence: the boat has two large masts.

Decoded sentence: there are a blurred blurred team team as a blue team is in the background blurred with.
Answer sentence: the blue team member is behind the red team member and there are fans blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: blonde tennis player wearing green shirt and white blonde is blonde.
Answer sentence: the blonde tennis player is wearing a white shirt and a green tennis skirt.

Decoded sentence: young woman in jeans and black jeans seems to be a young blond woman wearing jeans.
Answer sentence: the blond woman in the black shirt seems to be administering an injection to a young adult wearing blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on a beach waiting to take a picture of sunset on the beach.
Answer sentence: the blond man is sitting on a case at the beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset.

Decoded sentence: the overlap of the overlap is overlap.
Answer sentence: the blades of the scissors overlap.

Decoded sentence: a black dog stands next to a wall and black.
Answer sentence: the black dog is standing by the wall next to the orange.

Decoded sentence: the black dog is watching the ball while the black dog watches.
Answer sentence: the black dog is catching a ball, while the white one watches.

Decoded sentence: the brown dog is running and the ball is running by the soccer ball.
Answer sentence: the black dog is by a soccer ball and the brown dog is running.

Decoded sentence: the black dog has a toy in his mouth and a person standing nearby.
Answer sentence: the black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.

Decoded sentence: the black and white race car is going fast a fast track while fans watch nearby.
Answer sentence: the black and white race car is going fast around the track while fans watch nearby.

Decoded sentence: a grasp bird grasp foot grasp foot.
Answer sentence: the bird 's feet are grasping the window tightly.

Decoded sentence: the biker is riding around a curve in the road.
Answer sentence: the biker is riding around a curve in the road.

Decoded sentence: the bike rider is wearing a red helmet and black outfit with a black helmet on it.
Answer sentence: the bike rider runs with his red bike while another gains on him, both wearing green outfits and black helmets.

Decoded sentence: the securing is securing to the metal post.
Answer sentence: the bike is secured to a metal post.

Decoded sentence: a wiring at top of a wiring and a wiring appear to be wiring by a wiring fence.
Answer sentence: the bell at the top of the tower appears to be surrounded by some sort of fence or wiring.

Decoded sentence: oriental oriental building occupied.
Answer sentence: the beautiful oriental building is being occupied.

Decoded sentence: beast beast a beast object.
Answer sentence: the beast may ruin the objects.

Decoded sentence: a friendly about to familiar a friendly bear or relationship.
Answer sentence: the bears seem to have a friendly or familiar relationship.

Decoded sentence: the water is standing by the water.
Answer sentence: the bears are standing by water.

Decoded sentence: a bearded bearded brown.
Answer sentence: the beard have brown fur.

Decoded sentence: the beagle is on the shoreline walking along the beach.
Answer sentence: the beagle is on a beach walking along the shoreline

Decoded sentence: a bat is bat.
Answer sentence: the bat looks worn.

Decoded sentence: connected connected with bat.
Answer sentence: the bat connects with the ball.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player wearing a white outfit and orange sneakers is laying up to the basketball.
Answer sentence: the basketball player wearing the white outfit and orange sneakers is doing a lay up.

Decoded sentence: the lady and boy are waiting on the side of the court as they hit the ball court.
Answer sentence: the ball boys are waiting on the side lines of the tennis court while they watch the lady hitting the ball.

Decoded sentence: a city woman stands back on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: the back side of a woman standing on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a mirror looking at a table with two women looking back to see the back of the.
Answer sentence: the back of two women looking at something which ca n't be seen but the reflection of one of the women can be seen in the mirror on the table.

Decoded sentence: a juggler wearing a club and a hat and one juggler holding a back to the two juggler in.
Answer sentence: the back of hat wearing juggler holding two indian clubs in one hand and one in the other hand.

Decoded sentence: the back of a visible stop sign.
Answer sentence: the back of a stop sign is visible in front of the stone building.

Decoded sentence: the lady in the blue top shows the back of her back to her back halter.
Answer sentence: the back of a lady wearing a blue halter top is shown, a crowd in the distance.

Decoded sentence: healthy healthy animal.
Answer sentence: the animals look very happy and healthy.

Decoded sentence: a aggressive animal.
Answer sentence: the animals do not look aggressive.

Decoded sentence: coexist coexist a animal for the coexist.
Answer sentence: the animals coexist peacefully.

Decoded sentence: the photograph is photographed from a airplane.
Answer sentence: the airplane is being photographed from above.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is posing for a photo in front of a pumpkin photo.
Answer sentence: the little girl poses for a photo in front of flowers and pumpkins.

Decoded sentence: the dalmation with the safety vest and safety vest is running for the setter.
Answer sentence: the irish setter with the safety vest is running ahead of the rottwieler and the dalmation.

Decoded sentence: setter setter setter setter from a pond.
Answer sentence: the irish setter is retrieving a flashlight from the pond.

Decoded sentence: a houston texans quarterback playing a big green bay with a minnesota vikings and a big.
Answer sentence: the houston texans quarterback is executing a play-action play with the running back against the nfc north-worst minnesota vikings, who are big rivals with the elite green bay packers.

Decoded sentence: the german shepherd dog is running towards the german shepherd while the german shepherd.
Answer sentence: the german shepherd dog is running after the white dog while they both are running on the grass.

Decoded sentence: fedex workmen hard hats and hard hats are listening to a fedex ship in a fedex.
Answer sentence: the fedex driver listens to the workman in the green hard hat while the equipment to ship is being loaded.

Decoded sentence: joyous female male drayton on a roller coaster with a frightened frightened on his theme.
Answer sentence: the drayton manor theme park roller coaster on a downward slide with frightened and joyous male and female passengers.

Decoded sentence: a driveway late chocolate chocolate black and black lab as a driveway driveway to get in.
Answer sentence: the chocolate lab jumps too late to get the toy as the black lab captures it in the driveway.

Decoded sentence: people rollerskating in a line of 4 blades of staking and blades on rollerskates while.
Answer sentence: the 4 guys were rollerskating and blading a conga line in the outdoor staking rink with many other people on the sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the 2 greyhound dogs are running around a track.
Answer sentence: the

Decoded sentence: obliverate dressed in heavy snow conditions a man on the ground and a white neighborhood.
Answer sentence: the `` white out '' conditions of snow on the ground seem to almost obliverate the details of a man dressed for the cold weather in a heavy jacket and red hat riding a bicycle in a suburban neighborhood.

Decoded sentence: ten men are inspecting a huge net fishing ten on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: ten men inspect and gather huge fishing nets on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: the telephone telephone is visible in the telephone.
Answer sentence: telephone wires are visible.

Decoded sentence: the teens dressed as native teens are sitting in native park with bags on the ground.
Answer sentence: teens dressed as native americans sit in the park with their school bags on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the teenagers enjoys skateboarding in the pedestrian area.
Answer sentence: teenagers enjoy skateboarding in a pedestrian area.

Decoded sentence: the man is on the boat while the blond man is kicking a boat.
Answer sentence: teenagers are partying on a boat while a blond teenager is kicking a man.

Decoded sentence: a teenager looks out the window of the bus.
Answer sentence: teenagers are looking out the window of a bus.

Decoded sentence: hipsters woman with a tattoo and hipsters stands in the background.
Answer sentence: tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background.

Decoded sentence: speedo man in tan print walking down street.
Answer sentence: tanned man in a animal print speedo walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: swimmers perform into a swimmer on a woman who is descending them in background.
Answer sentence: swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on.

Decoded sentence: the man in the red and white shirt is visor his visor as spectators swing by a golf club.
Answer sentence: surrounded by spectators, a man in a red shirt, white pants and visor, swings a golf club.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a tapered tapered and a tapered sits on a table and smiling for jenga.
Answer sentence: surrounded by 5 other people in a room, a woman with raised hands smiles as a balanced tapered jenga tower sits on the table in front of her.

Decoded sentence: sunbathers frolic on a beach under bright sun.
Answer sentence: sunbathers frolic on the beach under a bright sun.

Decoded sentence: the sun is drenched and drenched drenched to drenched on the water.
Answer sentence: sun drenched strollers enjoy music on the water.

Decoded sentence: students sitting on a step in a campus watching each campus and watching the students in.
Answer sentence: students that look to be asian are sitting down on steps at a college campus and seem to be watching something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: students dressed in arctic arctic water stand on a snowy beach as anticipation get into.
Answer sentence: students standing on a snowy beach are getting dressed in seeming anticipation of jumping into the arctic water.

Decoded sentence: the students are lined up on stairs and check their electronic stairs as they wait for.
Answer sentence: students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices.

Decoded sentence: people sit in a classroom listening to a student and a classroom.
Answer sentence: students are sitting in a classroom listening to six people who are teaching.

Decoded sentence: a patch of grass with a fur and white dog in the grass with a fur dog sitting in the background.
Answer sentence: stretched image of a brown dog with a white patch of fur in his chest area sitting in the grass with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three customers vendors are showing their necklaces for sale to a street vendor.
Answer sentence: street vendors show their necklaces for sale to three customers.

Decoded sentence: the sale vendor is making a car on the sidewalk as the sale car is making sale on the busy.
Answer sentence: street vendors make sales on the sidewalk while cars pass on the busy city streets beside them.

Decoded sentence: the fruit vendor is standing in the street and a large basket of the fruits and vegetables.
Answer sentence: street vendors are selling fruits and vegetables in a stand and in large baskets on the ground.

Decoded sentence: elderly people in europe are selling their elderly street.
Answer sentence: street vendor in europe sells to several elderly people.

Decoded sentence: a tuba performer on stilts playing a tuba and tuba.
Answer sentence: street performer by the beach on stilts playing the tuba.

Decoded sentence: the lights is stopped at the red light.
Answer sentence: stopping at a red light.

Decoded sentence: workers are about to vat into a large outdoor vat.
Answer sentence: steam rises from a large outdoor vat as two workers look on.

Decoded sentence: a man standing in front of a podium at a colorful screen and a man in a colorful audience.
Answer sentence: standing at a podium in front of a colorful mural and old gentleman uses a screen to communicate to other men at a table and in the audience.

Decoded sentence: the dancer and white dancer are dancing in the circle with palm trees on the patio of a.
Answer sentence: square dancers decked out in green and white square-dance attire circle around on a tiled patio with arches and palm trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: the crowd is going off in the middle of the crowd.
Answer sentence: sprinkler goes off in the middle of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps into the bridge while a man watches his photo while one man watches.
Answer sentence: spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a event in sunglasses at a event.
Answer sentence: spectators in sunglasses at an event.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a green outfit and holding a red bicycle racing a bicycle.
Answer sentence: spectators are watching a man who is dressed in a red racing outfit holding a green bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the spectators are seated behind a blue wall.
Answer sentence: spectators are seated behind a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: the child dressed in asia and a large audience possibly a presentation in asia somewhere.
Answer sentence: somewhere in asia, a child is dressed in a costume, possibly as a sort of demon, and is doing a presentation in front of a large audience.

Decoded sentence: the dog is wearing a gray and black shirt and a black skirt and a black skirt.
Answer sentence: someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a colorful hat and shoes is sitting with a large blanket of the work on a.
Answer sentence: someone wearing a large hat is sitting on colorful blankets working a loom with a pair of men 's dress shoes in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a sleeping on a bench on a city street.
Answer sentence: someone sleeping on bench on city street.

Decoded sentence: sideways sideways on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a parachute with a parachute on top of a green and green parachute.
Answer sentence: someone parasailing with a green parachute that has a face on the top of it

Decoded sentence: edits edits violoncelli to make music to the music.
Answer sentence: someone making pencil edits to the sheet music of violoncelli

Decoded sentence: a bridge stands on a bridge with long blue sky in the background.
Answer sentence: someone is standing on a long bridge with a cloudy blue sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: mailman looks out the window of the mail mail house mailman and driving on the window.
Answer sentence: someone is looking out their window watching the mailman deliver their mail and drive on to the next house.

Decoded sentence: the boat is in the water on the boat.
Answer sentence: someone is in a speed boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: a young woman on a scrape area holding a able to the scrape of the area and a young woman.
Answer sentence: someone is holding a young women on their shoulders for her to be able to reach the area she would like to use a wire brush to scrape off peeling paint.

Decoded sentence: the ramp in the yellow pants is on a ramp along the ramp.
Answer sentence: someone in yellow pants is on a ramp over the snow.

Decoded sentence: the surface has a plastic hole and looks down the surface while the clear drill on the.
Answer sentence: someone holding a piece of, what looks like clear plastic, down on a hard surface while they drill a hole through it.

Decoded sentence: a dog is training a dog.
Answer sentence: someone has trained the dog well.

Decoded sentence: young man looking over a bridge on a sunny day edge.
Answer sentence: some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: staff members in a yellow shirt are helping each staff with their kids and crafts activity.
Answer sentence: some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities.

Decoded sentence: a toodles of a toodles event with toodles sort and wearing a name event.
Answer sentence: some sort of outdoor event with a clown wearing a name tag that says `` toodles ''.

Decoded sentence: people with black and red and green martial arts and green martial arts mat on their art.
Answer sentence: some people with black belts, or black and red belts, are performing martial arts on a green mat.

Decoded sentence: people standing around making a little girl with a little girl making a bubble from a bubble.
Answer sentence: some people are watching a little girl and a owner of a stand making bubbles with some the items he is selling.

Decoded sentence: people alone on a beach in a beach.
Answer sentence: some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits.

Decoded sentence: people are paddling in a raft filled.
Answer sentence: some people are paddling in an air filled raft.

Decoded sentence: a season on a track side by a season of a season with a season and a season.
Answer sentence: some of the trees on the side of the track are beginning to change color with the season.

Decoded sentence: a bearded in a beard and a beard turned grey.
Answer sentence: some of the hair in his beard are turning grey.

Decoded sentence: a cow is cow.
Answer sentence: some cows cluster together.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker taking a break.
Answer sentence: some construction workers are taking a break.

Decoded sentence: the life child wearing life jackets are in the raft holding on the raft.
Answer sentence: some children wearing life jackets and holding paddles are in a raft.

Decoded sentence: the boy is playing on the trampoline while the child in the red shirt is crying as he is.
Answer sentence: some children are playing on a trampoline, a boy in a red shirt is covering his face as he cries.

Decoded sentence: a soldier stands next to a soldier.
Answer sentence: soldiers stand next to a tank.

Decoded sentence: a big soccer player playing a game in front of a big crowd.
Answer sentence: soccer players playing a game in front of a big crowd.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player tied to tie down the soccer.
Answer sentence: soccer player kneeling down to tie her shoe.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player kicking a ball into the coach and his coach.
Answer sentence: soccer player kicks ball off tee as coach looks on.

Decoded sentence: a soccer player trying to control in the red and blue ball to the ball.
Answer sentence: soccer player in blue trying to control the ball while the player in red tries to defend.

Decoded sentence: the snow is kicking up to the board.
Answer sentence: snow is being kicked up by the board.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue shirt is smiling in front of the rock wall with a blue and white overalls.
Answer sentence: smiling boy in white shirt and blue jeans in front of rock wall with man in overalls behind him.

Decoded sentence: a small kid sitting inside a dirt claw playing in the dirt.
Answer sentence: small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt.

Decoded sentence: a small girl in a teal dress reaching for a lamp on a small chair.
Answer sentence: small girl in a teal dress on the arm of a chair reaching for a floor lamp.

Decoded sentence: the small child with a dark hair is dancing in the smock and he has a small child.
Answer sentence: small children with dark hair, dressed in brown smocks with sandals make faces as they dance.

Decoded sentence: small child with blue floaties floaties at the beach.
Answer sentence: small child with blue floaties on bending over at the beach.

Decoded sentence: small child with black hair standing in a track near a small car.
Answer sentence: small child with black hair standing in car track near sunflowers.

Decoded sentence: boogieboard wearing a yellow jacket and a child are walking on the sand with a small yellow.
Answer sentence: small child wearing a yellow life jacket walks in the sand with their boogieboard on their head.

Decoded sentence: the small child in a green shirt and green shorts is looking at a small green.
Answer sentence: small child in green shorts and green shirt squatting and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: a small boy wearing a blue shirt and glasses is bringing up the water in a small white.
Answer sentence: small boy wearing a blue shirt being brought up out of water by man in white shirt and wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: a small boy dancing in the water near a small building.
Answer sentence: small boy dancing in a water sprinkler near a building.

Decoded sentence: the small black dog is wearing a red and white dog with his mouth and running around a.
Answer sentence: small black and white dog wearing a red harness is running around with a ball in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: slender dog running in the sand on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the forest dog is pulling a sled through a snowy forest.
Answer sentence: sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.

Decoded sentence: skiiers at a top of snow covered hill.
Answer sentence: skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.

Decoded sentence: a skier taking a steep path down the path.
Answer sentence: skier takes a steep path down the mountain.

Decoded sentence: three spectators wearing white shirts and black pants and blue pants performing tricks.
Answer sentence: skateboarding wearing black pants, a white shirt, and a blue hat performing a skateboarding trick while three spectators look on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a skateboarder on a chain link fence through a chain link fence.
Answer sentence: skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.

Decoded sentence: six young men are on a balcony wearing jeans over a balcony with a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: six young men out on the balcony wearing blue jeans with their shirts off.

Decoded sentence: six young men and women sitting and standing around a table at a table and a woman sitting.
Answer sentence: six young man and one young woman are sitting and standing around a table at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: six women in a mirror applying makeup and makeup sit down in front of a mirror.
Answer sentence: six women in a dressing room are sitting down, applying makeup, and talking in front of mirrors.

Decoded sentence: six cheerleaders dressed in skimpily skimpily stand at a field skimpily skimpily and skimpily.
Answer sentence: six skimpily dressed cheerleaders with pompoms are standing at the game field sidelines during an outside event.

Decoded sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.
Answer sentence: six people in a boat floating in the water.

Decoded sentence: six people are standing in a concrete building with plastic pieces of green and green pieces.
Answer sentence: six people are standing in a concrete block building with a piece of plastic and a green basket on the floor.

Decoded sentence: six men dressed in white suits and white suits sit outside by a man with a white look on.
Answer sentence: six men sitting around a desk with computers while a woman dressed in a white suit looks through papers.

Decoded sentence: six men shields shields shields from the sun.
Answer sentence: six men shielding their eyes from the sun

Decoded sentence: two men and a man in a green background are seated by a log surrounded by two men.
Answer sentence: six men seat in a wooden boat while two are the background surrounded by logs and a green landscape

Decoded sentence: six boys and a girl swimming pool into a pool.
Answer sentence: six children, boys and girls, jumping into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: six children in helmets and helmets are running on a field.
Answer sentence: six children in lacrosse uniforms and helmets run on a field.

Decoded sentence: six boys playing football while one is running and the boy is running.
Answer sentence: six boys play football, and one has the football and is running.

Decoded sentence: six hispanic hispanic of a hispanic net with a giant jetty and a beach washing the beach.
Answer sentence: six hispanic males are moving a giant fishing net with fish inside the net, with a jetty of rocks and a beach with the waves washing in the background.

Decoded sentence: casually casually sit on a public ring holding a butterfly in the ring and the butterfly.
Answer sentence: sitting casually in a public place, a girl reads holding the book open with her hand on which is a butterfly ring.

Decoded sentence: a younger brothers with a younger brothers sits close to his eyes while a younger brothers.
Answer sentence: sitting at a table with beer empty beer mugs on it one brother is has a birthday cake sliced with sprinkler lit up while the younger brother is smiling with his eyes closed.

Decoded sentence: a man and i love love love in a crowd wearing love love with their sweat love and sweat.
Answer sentence: shirtless man wearing rollerskates in a large crowd with a sweat towel that reads `` just love me ''.

Decoded sentence: three women walk down a crowded cafe with a crowd of guys staring off to the distance.
Answer sentence: shirtless guy staring off in the distance while three woman are walking past a crowd sitting outside a cafe.

Decoded sentence: a shirtless worker building a interior of a home building.
Answer sentence: shirtless construction worker builds interior of home.

Decoded sentence: youth and a dirty player stand in the piano as a youth watch as a youth stand around the.
Answer sentence: several youth stand around watching as a banjo player, piano player, and guitar players play in a dirty setting.

Decoded sentence: young women walking along a beautiful hallway.
Answer sentence: several young women walking along a beautiful hallway

Decoded sentence: young woman seated on a volleyball court practicing preparing to a coach and woman practicing.
Answer sentence: several young women are preparing to play or practice volleyball on a indoor volleyball court while coaches are seated nearby.

Decoded sentence: young people sit at a table playing poker.
Answer sentence: several young people sit at a table playing poker.

Decoded sentence: young people in red shirts sit on steps.
Answer sentence: several young people in red shirts are sitting on steps.

Decoded sentence: young people gather at a outdoors with a beverage of food and beverage.
Answer sentence: several young people are standing around drinking beverages at some kind of outdoors gathering with food.

Decoded sentence: young children in costumes watching a outdoor event.
Answer sentence: several young children in halloween costumes watching an outdoor event.

Decoded sentence: young black people traverse a section of a street market in a dilapidated market.
Answer sentence: several young black people traverse a market street in a rather dilapidated section of town.

Decoded sentence: the woman is waiting in the city outside.
Answer sentence: several women wait outside in a city.

Decoded sentence: shuttle sitting on a shuttle holding a shuttle handrail.
Answer sentence: several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking in a public space in a public space with a child walking out in the space.
Answer sentence: several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking down a city street.
Answer sentence: several women are walking down a city street.

Decoded sentence: the produce is setting up with a produce on his table.
Answer sentence: several tables are set up with produce on them.

Decoded sentence: tribal tribal garb wearing matching red and white garb beat their drums.
Answer sentence: several street performers beat tribal drums and dance while wearing matching white and red garb.

Decoded sentence: the soccer player is standing in the grassy field with a soccer player in a rural field.
Answer sentence: several soccer players stand by in a brown, grassy, rural field with a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people mill on a street outside a building with a sign and a ave of a white umbrella is.
Answer sentence: several people, some with umbrellas, milling about on an urban street near a white building with a mailbox and newspaper boxes in front of it, and a street sign that says `` park ave ''.

Decoded sentence: people including a man in a purple and purple shorts and p of a shirtless man walking on.
Answer sentence: several people, including a shirtless man and a woman in purple shorts which say `` p.i.n.k. '' on the back, are walking through a crowded outdoor area.

Decoded sentence: people in a green shirt and a man wearing a green shirt are dancing at a party.
Answer sentence: several people, including a man in a green shirt and a woman wearing a scarf, are dancing at a party.

Decoded sentence: people watching a wheelie on a street ride a wheelie down a street.
Answer sentence: several people watch a daredevil on a quad ride a wheelie down the street.

Decoded sentence: people walking past a food on a city street.
Answer sentence: several people walking past a food cart on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a walkway along a curve with various buildings and various buildings.
Answer sentence: several people walking along a curved walkway inside of a building with various advertisements.

Decoded sentence: people in a alleyway painted with graffiti on the walls painted on the alleyway and there.
Answer sentence: several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls

Decoded sentence: people walking up a staircase.
Answer sentence: several people walk up a staircase.

Decoded sentence: people walk along a waterway with a waterway including a boy.
Answer sentence: several people walk along a waterway including a boy with a scooter.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a subway pole holding a woman in a middle middle holding a pole.
Answer sentence: several people sit on a crowded subway, while two woman stand in the middle holding the poles.

Decoded sentence: people preparing such as a sports sports such as people prepare for the activities.
Answer sentence: several people preparing for winter sporting activities such as snowboarding and skiing.

Decoded sentence: people jog on a marathon in a marathon or neighborhood of a neighborhood on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: several people jogging outside on a sunny day in what seems to be a neighborhood, could be part of a marathon.

Decoded sentence: people in a gymnasium one person is laying on the floor and sweat sweat clothing and sweat.
Answer sentence: several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor, while a standing person grasps one of their legs.

Decoded sentence: people in a wooded area holding a semicircle in a wooded area with a semicircle and a semicircle.
Answer sentence: several people in a semicircle are holding folders and singing in a wooded area with many people in the background.

Decoded sentence: people at a snowy area with pine trees and pine trees in the background.
Answer sentence: several people at a ski area with the pine trees and a large snowy mountain in the background.

Decoded sentence: people sit down on a street mime by a mime in a street mime by a cigarette and a cigarette.
Answer sentence: several people are walking down a street, ignoring a mime in a turban, who appears to be sitting on something while on a cigarette break.

Decoded sentence: people standing on the tarp in a pockets with a backpack and one lady is standing by the.
Answer sentence: several people are standing under a tarp ; two ladies are facing each other and one has a backpack on with her hands in her jeans pockets while the other one has a cigarette in her hand.

Decoded sentence: people stand around a building with a small wasp painted on the side of the building.
Answer sentence: several people are standing around a small building with a picture of a wasp painted on the roof and the side.

Decoded sentence: people wearing bathing suits in a wooded outdoors.
Answer sentence: several people are socializing outdoors in the woods wearing bathing suits.

Decoded sentence: people running a race next to a vineyard.
Answer sentence: several people are running a race next to a vineyard.

Decoded sentence: people riding on a roller coaster while a loop to go on various way through the roller.
Answer sentence: several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways.

Decoded sentence: people riding a narrow motorcycle down a street.
Answer sentence: several people are riding motorcycles down a narrow street.

Decoded sentence: people play in a fountain.
Answer sentence: several people are playing in the fountains.

Decoded sentence: people play baseball on a grassy building with a government and government in the background.
Answer sentence: several people are playing baseball on a grassy lawn, with a government building in the background.

Decoded sentence: people mill and cotta by a large house mill at the distance and a large white house.
Answer sentence: several people are milling about outside a large off-white colored house with a terra cotta roof while someone in the distance takes their picture.

Decoded sentence: people are in a garden and a young boy holding a black frame and the garden of a garden.
Answer sentence: several people are in an enclosed garden space while a young black boy and another person hold onto a wooden frame of a raised plant bed.

Decoded sentence: people are in front of a building with blue shirts and bicycles looking over bicycles.
Answer sentence: several people are in a building looking at several bicycles, and the person near the front has a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: people eating a meal at a restaurant outdoors.
Answer sentence: several people are eating a meal outdoors at a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people working on a road while a construction crew is working behind a nighttime.
Answer sentence: several people are behind a fence, watching a nighttime construction crew working on a road.

Decoded sentence: people are around a building of different steps and wearing black and white clothing.
Answer sentence: several people are around the steps of a building performing many different activities while wearing white and black clothing.

Decoded sentence: a menu shows a menu over a price of price items.
Answer sentence: several menu boards are showing items for sale along with prices.

Decoded sentence: pedaled in a white uniform with a pedaled one man is going down to go his busy street.
Answer sentence: several men, including one in a uniform with a white hat, are looking down a busy street as a pedestrian and pedaled passenger vehicle go by.

Decoded sentence: people wearing cultural costumes are seated at a table wearing ornate costumes of a cultural.
Answer sentence: several men wearing ornate cultural costumes dance barefooted for people seated at tables.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue hat and a blue hat and a man wearing a blue hat are on a room.
Answer sentence: several men wearing blue smocks, hats, and mouth coverings are in an operating room, each concentrating on something.

Decoded sentence: a man in a very indian origin converse and one is conversing while one seems to be excited.
Answer sentence: several men of indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red and reflective vest is working in the area with a construction mask and.
Answer sentence: several men in red reflective vests, helmets, and face masks work in an area under construction.

Decoded sentence: the man in the hard hat is operating a giant pulley system.
Answer sentence: several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue jumpsuit and blue cylinders is standing next to a man and a cylinder.
Answer sentence: several men in blue jumpsuits and yellow shirts stand next to yellow cylinders.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a white castle is at a beach castle.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in white and red and building sand castles at the beach.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a cowboy hat and boots is getting a shoe against a man.
Answer sentence: several men dressed in cowboy boots and hats are hanging around, and one man is getting his shoes shined.

Decoded sentence: tinkering are tinkering with control items to be radio.
Answer sentence: several men are tinkering with radio controlled items.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting by the river conversing while another man drifting with a drift boat.
Answer sentence: several men are sitting by a river conversing with one another while a boat drifts by them.

Decoded sentence: a bride and a wedding including a lamp are walking the bench for a lamp and party.
Answer sentence: several members of a wedding party, including the bride, are walking past a lamp and some park benches.

Decoded sentence: electronics engage around a lady in a electronics gathered around her electronics.
Answer sentence: several ladies gathered around a table engaged in an electronics project

Decoded sentence: a individual.
Answer sentence: several individuals, some possibly of hispanic descent at a street market, grilling meat.

Decoded sentence: people speak to speak and speak in front of a white building.
Answer sentence: several groups of white people are speaking to each other in front of a water fountain and building.

Decoded sentence: a man and a gentleman are speaking to each the glass into the microphone in a microphone.
Answer sentence: several gentlemen are speaking into a microphone and the man in the glasses appears to be saying something funny.

Decoded sentence: the elderly people are interacting with a elderly.
Answer sentence: several elderly people are interacting with others.

Decoded sentence: a dancer with a black and black skirt and a colorful scarf dancing with a colorful scarf.
Answer sentence: several dancers with tight black pants, skirts, and colorful scarves dance.

Decoded sentence: ballroom sit on a conference style frame of a couple of chairs watching pictures.
Answer sentence: several couples sit on hotel ballroom style conference chairs and watch something outside the frame of the picture.

Decoded sentence: a hall hall down a hall.
Answer sentence: several costumed people walking down a hall.

Decoded sentence: a man in a red and red watches is holding a rock line to climb a rock in the line.
Answer sentence: several climbers in a row are climbing the rock while the man in red watches and holds the line.

Decoded sentence: a child with a light child sitting down to face a light on a knees.
Answer sentence: several children sitting down with their knees raised up and light shining on their faces.

Decoded sentence: the child is sitting on a fake face of a balloon in front of a fake balloon balloon.
Answer sentence: several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons.

Decoded sentence: a child riding on a cool weather in a weather.
Answer sentence: several children riding on a merry-go-round in cool weather.

Decoded sentence: the boy is wearing a white shirt and looking at a table with a red shirt and a white design.
Answer sentence: several children are sitting at a table as a little boy wearing a red shirt with a white design looks towards the camera.

Decoded sentence: dripping in front of a bright orange boat and a bright orange object in front of them holding.
Answer sentence: several boys in bright orange clothing standing in front of a lake with boats in it, holding up an object that is dripping.

Decoded sentence: the blurred is blurred in a background.
Answer sentence: several bottles are blurred in the background.

Decoded sentence: the bike rider is competing in a bike competition.
Answer sentence: several bike riders compete in a competition.

Decoded sentence: the bike rider is attempting to cross the street while a rider attempts to cross the street.
Answer sentence: several bike riders are attempting to cross the street and are also holding up traffic with their bikes.

Decoded sentence: very tall children wait to each bottom and very tall yellow slide at each bottom.
Answer sentence: several adults and children are either sliding down, or waiting at the bottom of a very tall yellow slide.

Decoded sentence: a food is eating food outdoors.
Answer sentence: several asians eat food outdoors.

Decoded sentence: the asian people are on the train.
Answer sentence: several asian people are on a train.

Decoded sentence: the african woman is sitting in front of the hut.
Answer sentence: several african women sit in front of a hut.

Decoded sentence: two children in school looking toward the camera while a blackboard looks toward them.
Answer sentence: several african children looking toward the blackboard in school, while two look back toward the camera.

Decoded sentence: seven people sitting around a table playing a card game.
Answer sentence: seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.

Decoded sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.
Answer sentence: seven people playing soccer on a field.

Decoded sentence: seven people are wading in a natural pool.
Answer sentence: seven people are wading in a natural pool.

Decoded sentence: seven men hammer with a hammer and chips.
Answer sentence: seven men chipping tiles with hammers.

Decoded sentence: seven joggers running down a path.
Answer sentence: seven joggers run down a path.

Decoded sentence: a seagull is flying in the water along the rocks of a boat flying the sky.
Answer sentence: seagulls fly in the sky over the water where a boat sails past rocks.

Decoded sentence: sharpened sharpened on to the dark man sharpened to the sharpened.
Answer sentence: saw blade being sharpened on revolving sharpening wheel by a dark-skinned man.

Decoded sentence: people in st costumes run st street in a marathon as a paddy of people watch and watch.
Answer sentence: runners, some in costume, in a st paddy 's day marathon run in the streets as people watch.

Decoded sentence: a slide on rollerblades.
Answer sentence: rollerblades sliding on a railing.

Decoded sentence: the copper worker is gathered around a huge kitchen while a copper worker takes a break.
Answer sentence: restaurant workers smile as they take a break, gathered around a huge copper bowl in the kitchen.

Decoded sentence: firemen from a reflection uniform 's.
Answer sentence: reflections from the firemen 's uniforms.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman 's reflection in a street.
Answer sentence: reflection of an elderly woman in a street.

Decoded sentence: the seagull blue and white suv is walking on the shoreline in the sand suv by the cloudy.
Answer sentence: red white and blue suv patrolling the beach and shoreline on a cloudy day while seagulls walk in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a choir view of a risers filled space with a choir and risers on it.
Answer sentence: rear view of a choir group standing on risers with a chair filling a space between the risers.

Decoded sentence: a rafters in a blue raft battle rapids.
Answer sentence: rafters in a blue raft battle the river-rapids

Decoded sentence: puppeteer wearing a black shirt and black puppet playing a saxophone looking into the puppet.
Answer sentence: puppeteer wearing a purple sleeveless shirt showing off a puppet that looks like a black man with shades playing a saxophone.

Decoded sentence: protesters are in a whereas whereas for magazines and a photo of magazines.
Answer sentence: protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: preteen girl with a courtyard of preteen playing with a blond girl in a courtyard courtyard.
Answer sentence: preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue outfit and a lot of pottery is leaning in front of a blue car with a lot.
Answer sentence: pottery and cars are shown in a parking lot with a man in a blue outfit is leaning against the front of his car.

Decoded sentence: bystanders in red and white uniforms stand on a soccer field.
Answer sentence: players in the red and white uniforms and bystanders are standing on a soccer field.

Decoded sentence: planter planter in a planter box.
Answer sentence: plants are growing in a planter box.

Decoded sentence: a crew racing working on a race car.
Answer sentence: pit crew working on a race car.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white shirt and blue shirt is sleeping on a car in the car.
Answer sentence: pink shirted woman sleeping in a car with blue and white blanket on her.

Decoded sentence: a picture of a hotdog vendor in the street.
Answer sentence: picture of a hotdog vendor in the street.

Decoded sentence: a person with a backpack in a field.
Answer sentence: person with a backpack in a field

Decoded sentence: puffy white and white clouds atop the ocean atop a person 's setting while a person stands.
Answer sentence: person standing atop of a plateau, sun setting along the puffy white clouds over the horizon, above the blue ocean.

Decoded sentence: a person is smiling at a playground structure for a playground.
Answer sentence: person smiles at child inside of playground structure.

Decoded sentence: a person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.
Answer sentence: person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: the person is sitting at a desk in a library.
Answer sentence: person sitting at a desk in a library.

Decoded sentence: a person on a bike wearing a different hat and a basket with a basket tied to the back.
Answer sentence: person on a bike wearing a cone hat, with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike.

Decoded sentence: a person in a blue top and a blue cap standing on a road with trees in the background.
Answer sentence: person in blue top and shorts wearing a cap standing on a road with mountain with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a blue coat jumping in the water with a body of water in the background on.
Answer sentence: person in blue coat jumping in standing water on pavement with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a person in a brown sweatshirt is doing a flip with a line in midair over a river while.
Answer sentence: person in a brown sweatshirt does a flip in midair over a trampoline with a river and electrical lines in the background.

Decoded sentence: people in beige coats and beige hats sit on a sidewalk while a person sits behind them.
Answer sentence: person in a beige colored coat and hat sitting on the sidewalk while people walk past him.

Decoded sentence: dim person is crossing a dim in a bridge.
Answer sentence: person crossing a bridge in dim light.

Decoded sentence: period modern sitting on bales of grass in background talking and others walk in the background.
Answer sentence: period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background.

Decoded sentence: lubricates lady lubricates her assembly as she is lubricates.
Answer sentence: performing some bike maintenance, the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed.

Decoded sentence: people with light decorated biblical stand in front of a house with christmas lights on.
Answer sentence: people with umbrellas standing in front of a house decorated for christmas with trees, lights, and a biblical scene on a wall.

Decoded sentence: people with small child on a brick ground pointing to see a small child on the ground.
Answer sentence: people with small children on a brick ground, one man points to something for a child to see.

Decoded sentence: people wearing black and black tavern dancing at a tavern watching tavern.
Answer sentence: people watching two women wearing red and black dancing at a tavern.

Decoded sentence: people breakdancing watching a man.
Answer sentence: people watching a man breakdance.

Decoded sentence: people eating and watching tv.
Answer sentence: people watching tv while eating.

Decoded sentence: people playing a guitar and watching musicians.
Answer sentence: people watch a musician play the guitar.

Decoded sentence: people walking in a street with two women wearing hats and hats walking up the street with.
Answer sentence: people walking up and down the street in the daytime with shopping bags, two women are wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: people walking through a beautiful market with produce overhead.
Answer sentence: people walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights.

Decoded sentence: people walking in a supermarket.
Answer sentence: people walking in a supermarket.

Decoded sentence: people walking down a street in a hospital including one of them is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: people walking down the street in costumes, including one of a hospital gown that exposes the buttocks.

Decoded sentence: people walking down next to a line of a store.
Answer sentence: people walking down sidewalk next to a line of stores.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a beautiful homestead near a river.
Answer sentence: people walking along a river near a beautiful homestead.

Decoded sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.
Answer sentence: people walking along a path on a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a busy sidewalk.
Answer sentence: people walk down the busy sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a street during a rainy day.
Answer sentence: people walk down a street during a rainy day.

Decoded sentence: people are walking down a street that has red lanterns hanging from the paved street.
Answer sentence: people walk down a paved street that has red lanterns hung from the buildings.

Decoded sentence: people walk down a public flight of steps.
Answer sentence: people walk down a flight of stone steps in public.

Decoded sentence: a construction sign at a street in front of a construction sign entering a sign to walk.
Answer sentence: people walk down a city street at nighttime in front of construction and a `` do not enter '' street sign.

Decoded sentence: people walking by a display in a display of underwear.
Answer sentence: people walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to get on a train.
Answer sentence: people waiting to get on a train.

Decoded sentence: people waiting to enter a sign through handwritten entry of a building that has orange.
Answer sentence: people waiting to enter a white building through an entry way with an orange handwritten sign to the left of it.

Decoded sentence: people waiting next to a mural outside mural.
Answer sentence: people waiting outside a building next to a mural.

Decoded sentence: people waiting in line for beverages of favorite beverages.
Answer sentence: people waiting in line for their favorite beverage.

Decoded sentence: people waiting at a lit on a bike.
Answer sentence: people waiting at a light on bikes.

Decoded sentence: people walking on a path in a shopping center.
Answer sentence: people taking a walk on a path in a shopping center.

Decoded sentence: people stroll outdoors at a airport.
Answer sentence: people stroll outdoors at the airport.

Decoded sentence: people stand near a yellow and yellow water while people in the water.
Answer sentence: people standing near water one is wearing yellow and one is in purple.

Decoded sentence: people standing in front of a building with yellow words words down the front.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of yellow building with the words `` you are here '' hanging upside down.

Decoded sentence: people standing in front of a mechanical equipment.
Answer sentence: people standing in front of mechanical equipment.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on rope rope a rug.
Answer sentence: people sitting on a rug around ropes.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.
Answer sentence: people sitting in a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: people sitting at a walk up front of a cafe sweet sweet.
Answer sentence: people sitting at and walking around out front of a sweets cafe.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a curb watching a curb.
Answer sentence: people sit on the curb watching an event.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a fire burning chair in front of a burning fire.
Answer sentence: people sit on folding chairs outside in front a burning fire.

Decoded sentence: people sitting at a crowded event with two hair in the foreground and a woman in the foreground.
Answer sentence: people sit in a crowded stadium watching some sort of event- there is a woman with red-hair in the foreground and in the bottom left corner two people stare directly at the picture taker.

Decoded sentence: people stand in the background of a man and a man appears to be business or business.
Answer sentence: people shopping as well as a man in the background who appears to be a business owner of the fruit stand.

Decoded sentence: a stadium searching for a stadium in the stadium.
Answer sentence: people search for their seats in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: people running in a marathon running clothes.
Answer sentence: people running in a marathon in running clothes.

Decoded sentence: people running side by side of a street corner while onlookers make a right run side by.
Answer sentence: people running a foot race make a right turn around the corner while onlookers line the sides of the street.

Decoded sentence: people ride in a donkey by a donkey cart.
Answer sentence: people ride in a cart being pulled by a donkey.

Decoded sentence: people racing on a atv in full garb race.
Answer sentence: people racing on atv 's in full protective garb

Decoded sentence: people picking up trash in trash.
Answer sentence: people picking up trash in the park.

Decoded sentence: people talking on a busy street while others pass on each other and cellphones.
Answer sentence: people pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones.

Decoded sentence: people outside in a city field.
Answer sentence: people outside in a city field.

Decoded sentence: people on a balcony of a man pouring liquid while they climb on a balcony that is pouring.
Answer sentence: people on two balconies and a man climbing up a pipe towards the lower balcony getting liquid poured on him.

Decoded sentence: people on a beach looking up to see the sky in the air while a large contrail of people.
Answer sentence: people on the beach look up to the sky to see a large heart written in the air by the contrail of a plane.

Decoded sentence: people on bicycles waiting at a intersection.
Answer sentence: people on bicycles waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: people on a crowded beach.
Answer sentence: people on a crowded beach.

Decoded sentence: people on bikes and a path travel along the dirt field in the field surrounded by trees.
Answer sentence: people on atvs and dirt bikes are traveling along a worn path in a field surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: people of various ages and different ages are looking at the indoor machine in a bright.
Answer sentence: people of different ages are looking at lighted machines of various bright colors in an indoor area.

Decoded sentence: people in a flea market kiosk for merchandise through a flea market with random people.
Answer sentence: people of all ages stroll carelessly through aisles and aisles of kiosks, browsing the variety of random merchandise from vendors at a large flea market.

Decoded sentence: people of asian ages and red ages are taking place to take a giant flock in a red country.
Answer sentence: people of all ages flock to a giant red building, this scene is taking place in an asian country.

Decoded sentence: people mingle at a colorful fair.
Answer sentence: people mingling at colorful fair.

Decoded sentence: people answer from a answers as they answer about their act from the act.
Answer sentence: people milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something.

Decoded sentence: people looking at a railing in the distance.
Answer sentence: people looking over the rail at something in the distance.

Decoded sentence: people looking at fish at a fish.
Answer sentence: people looking at fish at an aquarium.

Decoded sentence: people are looking to be giving a monument monument.
Answer sentence: people look upon a monument where a speed is being given.

Decoded sentence: people at a subway car holding a rail and a subway car walking out to the subway.
Answer sentence: people inside a subway car hold on to the rails while people outside the subway car walk away.

Decoded sentence: people in traditional military military and military fare ride and ride their ride somewhere.
Answer sentence: people in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in southeast asia.

Decoded sentence: people in a city.
Answer sentence: people in the city.

Decoded sentence: people passing at a side of street.
Answer sentence: people in passing at a street side sale.

Decoded sentence: people in blue vests and blue pants and blue pants are racing at a race with a yellow race.
Answer sentence: people in orange vests and blue pants with a yellow stripe at the bottom await the beginning of a race.

Decoded sentence: people in costumes are around in a costume of a costume.
Answer sentence: people in costumes are walking around in the street.

Decoded sentence: people in winter coats are walking through deep snow and slowly slowly in the snow.
Answer sentence: people in black coats walk slowly through deep snow to approach a bridge in winter.

Decoded sentence: people in texas texas a man in a texas texas a festival while a man is cooking.
Answer sentence: people in texas and having a festival in the streets, one man is cooking and his son is helping him.

Decoded sentence: people trying to get a rope through a window while a second holds a rope on his floor.
Answer sentence: people holding onto ropes while trying to get something through a window on the second floor.

Decoded sentence: people hanging out and a clothing are hanging on a beach bath.
Answer sentence: people hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.

Decoded sentence: people hanging in their cafe hang out.
Answer sentence: people hanging about in a crowded cafe.

Decoded sentence: people hanging on a very safety bus over a very safety rail.
Answer sentence: people hang onto safety rails on a very crowded bus.

Decoded sentence: people are outside in a a an of a well.
Answer sentence: people gathered together on a city street.

Decoded sentence: people gather in a studio of studio.
Answer sentence: people gathered in an artist 's studio.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table with a blue tent in the spacious spacious by a spacious of.
Answer sentence: people gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent.

Decoded sentence: people enjoy a picture while a festival takes pictures on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: people enjoying a festival while having drinks and taking pictures on the cellphone.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in bright yellow pants and red gloves are holding fireworks on a long pole.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red pants wearing yellow gloves hold bright fireworks suspended on long poles.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in red and red ivory walk into a ivory castle.
Answer sentence: people dressed in red are walking into an ivory colored building that looks like a castle.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in white are looking at each white and white.
Answer sentence: people dressed in all white are looking at some shaved lambs.

Decoded sentence: people are outside in a a an of a well.
Answer sentence: people cram together in the back of a truck that is heading through green rolling hills while passing a pedestrian along the way.

Decoded sentence: people attending a park in a park.
Answer sentence: people attending an event in a park.

Decoded sentence: people at an outside affair during a tent.
Answer sentence: people at an affair outside under a tent.

Decoded sentence: people at a bench with two children and a person laying down the bench.
Answer sentence: people at a museum standing by benches with two children laying down and one person sitting.

Decoded sentence: people around a table playing roulette.
Answer sentence: people around a table playing roulette.

Decoded sentence: people watch a person in a weird plaza watching in the plaza.
Answer sentence: people are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk through a field of snow covered with mountains.
Answer sentence: people are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk a marathon for a marathon.
Answer sentence: people are walking the marathon for a cause.

Decoded sentence: people stand on a street and lit intersection on a red intersection.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the street, and cars are standing on the intersection for the red light.

Decoded sentence: people walk on a sidewalk in front of a lot of improvement home and improvement.
Answer sentence: people are walking on the sidewalk along the parking lot in front of a home improvement store.

Decoded sentence: people walk in a fountain with a raincoat and a raincoat around a raincoat in the rain.
Answer sentence: people are walking in the rain with umbrellas and raincoats around the fountain.

Decoded sentence: there are a market walking down a sidewalk outdoors market.
Answer sentence: people are walking down a sidewalk where there is an outdoors market.

Decoded sentence: people and a baby carriage in a large crowd.
Answer sentence: people are walking around and a woman leans on a baby carriage while a large crowd is seen in the background.

Decoded sentence: people walk around a oriental plaza.
Answer sentence: people are walking around an oriental plaza.

Decoded sentence: people walk around a walk in a snow yard.
Answer sentence: people are walking around a yard sale in the snow.

Decoded sentence: people standing on a platform waiting for a train to train.
Answer sentence: people are standing on a train platform waiting for the train.

Decoded sentence: people stand near a sandy area in a sandy area.
Answer sentence: people are standing near boats in a sandy area.

Decoded sentence: people stand in a room with a television of water on it.
Answer sentence: people are standing in a room with a television that has a picture of a boat on the water.

Decoded sentence: people stand around a hoodie of a hoodie and one of them wearing a striped hoodie.
Answer sentence: people are standing around inside and one of them is wearing a fedora and a striped zip hoodie

Decoded sentence: people standing around a wrong american flag spread out to the american flag.
Answer sentence: people are standing around an american flag that is spread out, facing the wrong direction.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a purple and white building in front of a large white building and a.
Answer sentence: people are sitting outside on grass or on purple chairs in front of a large white building.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a sidewalk at a city bench surrounded by trees and buildings.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a ledge in front of a high heels and a girl sitting on a ledge.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a ledge on the side of a street, the girl in the front has high heels on.

Decoded sentence: people sit on a grassy ledge while others are walking in the background.
Answer sentence: people are sitting on a grassy ledge, while others are walking in the background.

Decoded sentence: people sit in front of a white banner down.
Answer sentence: people are sitting down in front of a white banner.

Decoded sentence: people sitting and drinking at a table.
Answer sentence: people are sitting and drinking wine at tables.

Decoded sentence: people set up chairs on a beach.
Answer sentence: people are setting up chairs on a beach.

Decoded sentence: people standing and walking down a sidewalk in front of a large green vendor.
Answer sentence: people are seated and standing in front of a green roofed coffee vendor, as a large group walk down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people run from a fire.
Answer sentence: people are running from a fire.

Decoded sentence: people riding around on a snowmobile.
Answer sentence: people are riding around on snowmobiles.

Decoded sentence: people are on a platform on a train platform and are getting out their blue and red platform.
Answer sentence: people are on a platform getting on and off of a red and blue train.

Decoded sentence: people lounge on chairs lounge.
Answer sentence: people are lying on lounge chairs.

Decoded sentence: people looking at a construction street doing in a town.
Answer sentence: people are looking at construction being done in a town street.

Decoded sentence: people are in a restaurant eating.
Answer sentence: people are in a restaurant eating.

Decoded sentence: people holding signs and signs.
Answer sentence: people are holding signs and marching.

Decoded sentence: people go about their shirts in white shirts going up.
Answer sentence: people are going up towards a man in a white shirt.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a camera while a woman in front of a protest and smiling.
Answer sentence: people are gathered outside for a protest, and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: people gathered at a table at 2 tables with 2 trophies of 1 trophies and a graduated box.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a platform on which stands a table of trophies with graduated boxes in front of the platform labeled 1, 2 and 3.

Decoded sentence: people gather at a conference conference.
Answer sentence: people are gathered at a business conference.

Decoded sentence: people gather around a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: people are gathered around tables in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: people doing a routine in a park setting.
Answer sentence: people are doing an exercise routine in a park-like setting.

Decoded sentence: people crossing the street line in front of a tree building.
Answer sentence: people are crossing a tree lined street in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: people are at a party.
Answer sentence: people are at a party at night.

Decoded sentence: a japanese walks down a chinese area near a japanese building and a japanese area.
Answer sentence: pedestrians walk through an open area between several traditional-style japanese or chinese buildings.

Decoded sentence: the artist is interacting with a street artist.
Answer sentence: pedestrians interact with street artists.

Decoded sentence: passerby admiring a passerby at an outdoor fair.
Answer sentence: passerby admiring painting at an outdoor art fair.

Decoded sentence: a rave party at a table with rave sticks and a rave on it.
Answer sentence: party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a tan shirt and black shorts asleep asleep.
Answer sentence: partially obscured by black duffel bags, a young man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts is asleep in the back of a vehicle.

Decoded sentence: the view view of a street vendor is walking with pedestrians overhead and walking down.
Answer sentence: overhead view of pedestrians walking down street filled with vendors and umbrella-ed carts.

Decoded sentence: a man on a table is sitting on the couch with a table in the middle of the room while another.
Answer sentence: overhead view of a living room with a man on one couch, sleeping, and a dog on another while a coffee table sits in the middle of the room.

Decoded sentence: people pose in a picture of a dozen artistic artistic two people taking pictures from a.
Answer sentence: over a dozen people surrounding and taking pictures of two people in all covered head to toe in all silver, in an artistic pose.

Decoded sentence: a muddy area and a muddy area appear to be seen over a muddy area.
Answer sentence: outside the window you can see an area of dirt that appears muddy from the rain.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red jacket and jeans is chasing a german shepherd of shepherd trees.
Answer sentence: outside by the trees, a woman wearing jeans and red jacket throws something for a german shepherd to chase.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people with red flowers and a white banner on stage standing around a row of flowers.
Answer sentence: outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.

Decoded sentence: wendy hold a man outside a cardboard cardboard.
Answer sentence: outside a wendy 's, a man holds cardboard.

Decoded sentence: a person in a ponytail and a ponytail and a ponytail are walking outdoors in front of a.
Answer sentence: outdoors in the daytime, a person with a ponytail in silhouette walking left in front of a bus yard, with several buses parked.

Decoded sentence: the boy is handling on a pot and a pot in the red coat and holding a red tube and a child.
Answer sentence: other children look on as a boy in a yellow coat holds a red pot by the handle, tilting it towards a light orange tube.

Decoded sentence: oriental man dressed in a tank top and a tank top jumping with a left hand.
Answer sentence: oriental man dressed in tank top and shorts is jumping and almost touching his left foot with left hand.

Decoded sentence: four construction travel travel down the street in a downtown lane lane for construction.
Answer sentence: orange construction trucks travel down a littered four-lane street in the middles of a concrete, urban downtown.

Decoded sentence: a suv suv by a suv.
Answer sentence: orange suv drive by the shore.

Decoded sentence: scatteredly scatteredly outside a room with a black umbrella and a scatteredly place and.
Answer sentence: open, scatteredly placed umbrellas, fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera.

Decoded sentence: the little boy and boy in red shirt leans out the window to the window.
Answer sentence: only the letters `` and '' are clearly visible as the little boy in the red shirt leans out the window below.

Decoded sentence: the speckled rider in the brown and white thrashes is falling up the ground with onlookers.
Answer sentence: onlookers behind a fence watch and someone rushes to help as a white and brown speckled bull thrashes around and the rider falls to the ground.

Decoded sentence: young man with short hair and orange shorts sits down the fiddle.
Answer sentence: one young man with short orange hair is fiddling his thumbs and sitting down looking very bored.

Decoded sentence: young girl in blue hat and blue pants and blue pants carrying a young girl in a blue top.
Answer sentence: one young girl in a white hat and a blue dress, and one young girl in a blue top with black pants and carrying a purse are standing next to each other, the girl in the blue hat is pointing as something and smiling.

Decoded sentence: wrestlers curled out into the curling on a referee walking past a referee.
Answer sentence: one wrestler walks away from a wrestler curled up on the floor as a referee looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a red sunglasses is serving beer from a tap.
Answer sentence: one woman with red-hair and sunglasses serving a beer from the tap.

Decoded sentence: a woman and a woman are sitting on a rock outcropping.
Answer sentence: one woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a stoop with a unfinished item and a unfinished working to his unfinished.
Answer sentence: one woman is sitting under a loom, another woman is stooping beside it, and is working on the unfinished item.

Decoded sentence: the woman is holding a finger while a woman on her mouth is holding a finger to a woman.
Answer sentence: one woman is holding something up to her mouth while the other woman has her fingers on the side of her face.

Decoded sentence: a toddler takes a piece of toddler and a toddler takes a piece of it.
Answer sentence: one toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry.

Decoded sentence: the small child is walking near the water while a small child walks by body of water.
Answer sentence: one small child is climbing a tree near a body of water while another child walks away.

Decoded sentence: the skier on the snowy hill is going towards the snowy hill with the ski extended and a.
Answer sentence: one skier on a snowy hill is walking towards a small shack with his arms and ski poles extended as he goes.

Decoded sentence: the shirtless woman takes a skateboard across the road in a skateboard while one man takes.
Answer sentence: one shirtless man is taking pictures of the other people in the road, one of which is skateboarding, while a woman watches from across the road.

Decoded sentence: the person wearing blue shirt is holding a wet nighttime as he soaks the wet nighttime.
Answer sentence: one person, smiling broadly, holds another person wearing a blue shirt ; both are soaking wet, and it is nighttime.

Decoded sentence: a person snowboarding on the other.
Answer sentence: one person snowboarding while others look on.

Decoded sentence: a person sleeping on a sidewalk wearing a black shirt and a black shirt and sleeping pants.
Answer sentence: one person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a person stands with a tree shining through a tree by a tree.
Answer sentence: one person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves.

Decoded sentence: died showing one person 's condolence.
Answer sentence: one person is showing her condolence of the one died.

Decoded sentence: a person helping a cloudy top of sand underneath a person who is helping his cloudy sky.
Answer sentence: one person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky.

Decoded sentence: the person is doing a picture in the middle of a field while a friend takes her picture.
Answer sentence: one person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.

Decoded sentence: the homeless guy is walking by the park.
Answer sentence: one old homeless guy walks by the park.

Decoded sentence: a woman is married with a ring on a ring and one is married.
Answer sentence: one of the women is married with a ring on her ring finger.

Decoded sentence: the thicker of a thicker are visible one other the other thicker.
Answer sentence: one of the visible wires is thicker then the other.

Decoded sentence: a tennis player 's racket is picking out of the racket.
Answer sentence: one of the tennis players is picking something out of his racket.

Decoded sentence: a black electric guitar is kissing a member of a white and white electric guitar in front.
Answer sentence: one of the members of kiss playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background.

Decoded sentence: a metropolitan bus system and others are marked the metropolitan bus system.
Answer sentence: one of the buses is marked `` linea express '' while the other is marked `` metropolitan transit system ''.

Decoded sentence: pat civilians down to the american flag in front of a nun looks on her agent.
Answer sentence: one nun being patted down by a tsa agent in front of an american flag, while a civilian looks on.

Decoded sentence: the man is kissing on the cheek while wearing formal the man is wearing a formal cheek.
Answer sentence: one men is laughing while being kissed on the cheek by another man, both men are wearing formal wear

Decoded sentence: mechanics sitting on a roof of a school bus with school mechanics open over others.
Answer sentence: one mechanic is sitting on the roof of a school bus with an open door, while the other is standing inside the bus.

Decoded sentence: people wearing a hooded hooded sweatshirt and sitting at the fountain watching the fountain.
Answer sentence: one man, wearing a hooded sweatshirt, sitting at a fountain watching the people of the city.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue jeans is airborne while a man wearing a blue sweatshirt.
Answer sentence: one man, airborne, wearing an orange sweatshirt and blue jeans, does a skateboarding trick.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing camouflage pants and a baseball clothing is standing with a man wearing a.
Answer sentence: one man wearing camouflage pants and green t-shirt stands with one foot on a square while another man wearing the same type of clothing reaches out with a baseball glove on his left hand.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a blue shirt and black necktie necktie to help the necktie.
Answer sentence: one man wearing a black t-shirt is helping another man, who is wearing a blue shirt, tie his necktie.

Decoded sentence: the man is setting up the pool while onlookers watch from the pool.
Answer sentence: one man sets up his pool shot during a tournament while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a man gazes his cigarette while a man gazes gazes.
Answer sentence: one man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze.

Decoded sentence: a man and a white descent are sleeping on a bed while others look on.
Answer sentence: one man is sleeping, the other is jumping on his bed, both are wearing white and look to be on indian descent.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting on top of a bus and wearing matching school shirt.
Answer sentence: one man is sitting on top of a school bus, while another man, wearing a matching shirt, is standing inside.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a keyboard while another man plays guitar while another man is playing.
Answer sentence: one man is playing a guitar, another is playing the keyboard and the last is playing a trumpet.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a dumpster open door and a dumpster is holding a dumpster.
Answer sentence: one man is holding a dumpster door open while another man puts a trash bag in the dumpster.

Decoded sentence: the man and tan pants and a tan tan in a tan shirt with a tan and tan pants and a man in.
Answer sentence: one man in red shirt and black pants with a man in white shirt and tan shorts, golfing.

Decoded sentence: people in a white and white sheet a man with a crowd reads a paper off of a microphone.
Answer sentence: one man in a white robe with a microphone is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: a man in a similar uniform and a school uniform wearing a school uniform sit on a bus along.
Answer sentence: one man in a uniform standing inside a school bus with the backdoor open, while another man sits on top of the boss wearing a similar uniform.

Decoded sentence: a man in a room doing a handstand from the room.
Answer sentence: one man in a room during the day doing a handstand.

Decoded sentence: two men in a brown coat retrieving a bumpy cart to make a man on the pavement with a bumpy.
Answer sentence: one man in a brown coat steadying a cart with two boxes of fruit while trying to retrieve a pear that fell on the bumpy pavement made of brick.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue shirt is operating a hose and the man in the blue shirt is operating.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and jeans is catching a frisbee on a campus campus.
Answer sentence: one man in a blue shirt and jeans, catches a frisbee on a college campus

Decoded sentence: a man holding a post as a woman looks to cross the street while holding a post.
Answer sentence: one man holding a post and another man and woman waiting to cross the street looking to their left.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting nearby and another man sitting in the bicycle shop.
Answer sentence: one man checks out a bicycle in a shop while another sits nearby.

Decoded sentence: the lonely ski with a yellow and yellow backpack and khaki pants is crosscountry and the.
Answer sentence: one lonely individual with a yellow backpack and khaki-colored ski pants is crosscountry skiing, high up in the mountains overlooking a large lake.

Decoded sentence: a little boy sitting in a forklift area during a forklift.
Answer sentence: one little boy sitting in a forklift in a construction area during something very dangerous.

Decoded sentence: a lady looks into space.
Answer sentence: one lady looking into space.

Decoded sentence: a lady cutting up a cake with a lady cutting her cake in front of a lady cutting her cake.
Answer sentence: one lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt is using a cellphone and one man using a blue cellphone.
Answer sentence: one in a blue shirt using his cellphone, and one man looking away, sitting outside a building.

Decoded sentence: a horse wrapped behind a horse having a leg.
Answer sentence: one horse has wraps around its legs.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a red shirt and white hoodie is practicing a skateboard at night of a guy.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a white hoodie and red t-shirt holding his left foot practicing a skateboard move at night

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a green skirt and green skirt smiling and looks down at the camera in a thought.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a green wig thinks hes cool while another guy looks in horror at a bottle that apparently landed on the green wig guy in a game, all while a girl in a skirt is smiling at the camera.

Decoded sentence: a guy wearing a cowboy shirt and blue shirt walks in the background of a guy wearing a.
Answer sentence: one guy wearing a blue shirt and a cowboy hat is painting a picture, as tourists in the background walk.

Decoded sentence: a guy surfing a wave in the ocean.
Answer sentence: one guy surfing the waves in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a red shirt and red beanie sitting on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: one guy in a red beanie and green t-shirt sitting on a skateboard.

Decoded sentence: three girls jumping over a pool on a pool with a girl in a background hanging side by the.
Answer sentence: one girl jumping over three others hanging on the side of a pool with ocean in background.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a back of water standing next to a girl who is about to look out toward the.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing with her back towards us, with another girl sitting down next to her, both looking out toward the water.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing on the ground and others looking at the ground.
Answer sentence: one girl is standing on the street, and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a girl stands on a trampoline and a handstand on a trampoline and a handstand in the air.
Answer sentence: one girl is doing a handstand on an outdoor trampoline while another girl stands on the trampoline with one hand in the air.

Decoded sentence: a gentleman in a white shirt is chatting with his gentleman in the hot black and white.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a hat and off white shirt is chatting with another gentleman in a black shirt while they are sipping hot drinks.

Decoded sentence: penguin in a mini blue jacket and khaki shorts playing on a golf course with a blue obstacle.
Answer sentence: one gentleman in a blue jacket and khaki shorts playing mini golf on a course with a penguin obstacle.

Decoded sentence: a child with a red hat and glittery gloves on a glittery with flowers painted on the glittery.
Answer sentence: one child with a flower painted on her head, is wearing a red glittery outfit with a shawl and gloves, while her companion with a hat looks on.

Decoded sentence: a child wearing a pink hat and pink striped hat is wearing a pink hat.
Answer sentence: one child is wearing a pink striped hat, while the other is wearing a white hat.

Decoded sentence: the car is pulling out in front of a bus.
Answer sentence: one car is pulling out in front of a bus.

Decoded sentence: tucks in a tucks boy doing a tucks while others are doing.
Answer sentence: one boy tucks his shirt in but the others do not.

Decoded sentence: the boy is pointing out to the ball stands at the ball on the floor.
Answer sentence: one boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a striped shirt is riding on a bicycle with a green shirt and a girl in a striped.
Answer sentence: one boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels.

Decoded sentence: a boy is hoisting up a back on a back.
Answer sentence: one boy hoists another boy up on his back.

Decoded sentence: a girl dressed in a snowsuit and a girl with a lot of snowsuit and a girl in a snowsuit.
Answer sentence: one boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow.

Decoded sentence: three female people in front of a white male with a black male wearing a black and white.
Answer sentence: one black female and one white female plus three white males, all wearing forms of black, in front of a concrete stair structure with other people sitting on the stairs.

Decoded sentence: a black dog with a yellow toy toy.
Answer sentence: one black dog with a toy and one yellow dog.

Decoded sentence: two black and white dogs play with plastic bags and a white dog.
Answer sentence: one black and white dog sleeps while the other two black and white dogs play with a plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: resembles having a fur mohawk and resembling resembling on the back.
Answer sentence: one bear has fur that sticks up on its back resembling a mohawk.

Decoded sentence: a basketball player wearing a white jersey is trying to block his team as he bounds into.
Answer sentence: one basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in the asian heart is making a peace sign with his arms and others make.
Answer sentence: one asian man in glasses is making the peace sign while the other is making a heart with his arms.

Decoded sentence: there are african american men and a man cell blood looking through the microscope.
Answer sentence: one african american man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall.

Decoded sentence: the roadway is growing on the curb of the road under a roadway and roadway growing.
Answer sentence: on the shoulder of the road, near the curb, grass has grown onto the roadway.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white jacket and blue jacket holding a trashcan on the side of a woman.
Answer sentence: on the left side of a woman that 's holding a blue innertube, there 's a woman wearing a white jacket who is reaching the trashcan.

Decoded sentence: retriving retriving retriving a black object on a lawn.
Answer sentence: on garden lawn, black dog is retriving an object.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps with his ball while the man jumps from his hoop.
Answer sentence: on an outdoor basketball court, a man jumps towards the hoop with the ball while several other players look on.

Decoded sentence: a small crowd on a platform on the platform and a crowd of railroad.
Answer sentence: on a sunny day, a small crowd wait for the railroad on the platform.

Decoded sentence: two men are pulling a billboard and two of them are pulling things behind them and a cardboard.
Answer sentence: on a street in korea a man is pulling a two-wheeled cart, piled high with a chair and cardboard and other things while behind him are a car and a truck and a street level billboard.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt and sandals is walking on a sidewalk with a tall viewer on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: on a sidewalk, tall man in a black shirt and a police officer with their backs to the viewer walk past a man in a white t-shirt, black shorts, and sandals.

Decoded sentence: curiosity in a little girl prepares to grill on the patio of a little girl welding from.
Answer sentence: on a patio preparing for a grill-out, the man in the welding mask stirs curiosity from the little girl.

Decoded sentence: a man awning on a narrow street with a red awning with a awning and a man talking with.
Answer sentence: on a narrow street lined with houses, some with red awnings, a man talks on his cellphone.

Decoded sentence: two men with boom boom face and one in a dimly lit boom sit alone on a stage.
Answer sentence: on a dimly lit stage, two men, one with a boom mike, another with a camera, face a third man sitting alone in the audience.

Decoded sentence: people of a glass and glass gather around on a table.
Answer sentence: on a deck, a group of people gather around a glass table.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black hat and a black hat is walking toward a bus toward a valley on a cloudy.
Answer sentence: on a cloudy day, a man in black clothing and a black hat walks toward a river valley metro bus.

Decoded sentence: glassses glassses women wearing yellow and yellow bags are handling glassses with bags.
Answer sentence: older woman wearing glassses riding a bicycle with a shopping bag on the handle, yellow car is in the background.

Decoded sentence: a older man sitting in a chair reading a newspaper.
Answer sentence: older men are sitting in chairs, reading newspapers.

Decoded sentence: a bald gentleman in a white smock prepares to cut a gentleman in front of a white case.
Answer sentence: older balding gentleman in a white smock prepares to cut the hair of another older balding gentleman in front of a case holding several hair supplies.

Decoded sentence: a indian woman and woman using a loom while smoking.
Answer sentence: older indian woman uses a loom while smoking a pipe.

Decoded sentence: a old woman bent over a set of old building with a woman bent on her head next to a cane.
Answer sentence: old woman setting next to a building with her head bent over and a walking cane on her lap.

Decoded sentence: a little man teaching a little man.
Answer sentence: old man teaching little kid to drive.

Decoded sentence: jerry guy standing on stage while others look like he plays the guitar.
Answer sentence: old guy, looking like jerry garcia, playing guitar on stage while others stand behind him.

Decoded sentence: oklahoma football players running for the game during the game.
Answer sentence: oklahoma football player running after a wisconsin player during a game.

Decoded sentence: hurriedly woman walk past a window with a red evening department in the window.
Answer sentence: o woman walks hurriedly past a department store with a red evening gown in the display window.

Decoded sentence: young child on a hayride area with a family open area on a hayride area with a family open.
Answer sentence: numerous families with their young, toddler and infant children, on a hayride through an open area with surrounding trees.

Decoded sentence: a soccer game at the back of a soccer game where 3 3 soccer ball are putting their back.
Answer sentence: number 3 at a soccer game is looking to see where to put the ball back into play from the sideline.

Decoded sentence: anticipated 13 and a game of 13 are reaching out in a path during a effort of effort to.
Answer sentence: number 13 reaches out as he turns directions in an effort to deflect the anticipated path of the football during the game.

Decoded sentence: nine people play musical instruments with four people dressed on a white mime with makeup.
Answer sentence: nine people are dressed like mimes, with white makeup on their faces, four are playing musical instruments.

Decoded sentence: the nightclub scene with a nightclub to the jockey play music.
Answer sentence: nightclub scene with disc jockey playing music to dance by.

Decoded sentence: a man in a gray sweatshirt and a man in a gray sweatshirt is looking down to place the.
Answer sentence: next to two men in orange uniforms, a man in a gray sweatshirt places his arms over a wall and looks down.

Decoded sentence: a negros walks across a dirt track along a train negro during a poor negro negro track.
Answer sentence: negros walk across a train track that stretches over dirt and garbage beside a row of poor shacks.

Decoded sentence: disposes men and gray sweater are outside disposing of a large gray container in a gray.
Answer sentence: near a city road, a man in a gray sweater disposes of a plastic bag of garbage into a large, green, garbage container.

Decoded sentence: a native clothing dressed up in native clothing and activity in a activity.
Answer sentence: native americans are dressed up in native clothing and are participating in an activity together.

Decoded sentence: nypd people watching a boardwalk on a beach near a boardwalk.
Answer sentence: nypd officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach.

Decoded sentence: people play with a blue outdoor setting in a blue outdoor setting on a outdoor setting.
Answer sentence: musicians playing for a group of people with blue hats on in outdoor settings.

Decoded sentence: musicians dressed in red pants and khaki pants performing at a sports arena in a arena.
Answer sentence: musicians dressed in red and white shirts and khaki pants, performing at a sports arena.

Decoded sentence: a musician in a cowboy hat and hat singing into a microphone playing a microphone.
Answer sentence: musician in cowboy hat playing an electric guitar and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at multiple.
Answer sentence: multiple students sitting on stairs at a school.

Decoded sentence: multiple people walk on the fence with clouds in the background with clouds from the sky.
Answer sentence: multiple people walking on the pavement with a fence in the background all under the sky with clouds.

Decoded sentence: county telling with a fair around a fortunes fortunes a fair called multiple people called.
Answer sentence: multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called grandmas prediction.

Decoded sentence: textiles appears to be a indian style style textile.
Answer sentence: multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.

Decoded sentence: a mountain with high trees.
Answer sentence: mountains with trees loom high in the background.

Decoded sentence: a tent climber up a mountain setting.
Answer sentence: mountain climbers are setting up their tents.

Decoded sentence: two children with laundry mother and laundry.
Answer sentence: mother with two children is hanging laundry.

Decoded sentence: mimes playing a mime.
Answer sentence: mimes are playing tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a military personnel are patrolling the area.
Answer sentence: military personnel patrol an area.

Decoded sentence: the second woman in the white sweater is spinning with a white apron and a white apron.
Answer sentence: middle-aged woman in a sweater and white apron is using a spinning wheel with a second spinning wheel in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a white jacket and a white jacket is slip along a hand pocket of a white.
Answer sentence: middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man 's pants pocket.

Decoded sentence: a teacher sitting in front of a table listening to a teacher in a middle of a room that.
Answer sentence: middle-age students sitting in rows of tables listening to a teacher sitting in front of room behind desk.

Decoded sentence: repeating repeating making a metal wall along the metal wall making a metal.
Answer sentence: metal supports make a repeating x shape along the walls of the station.

Decoded sentence: a man and a child dance at a party.
Answer sentence: men, women and children dance at a party.

Decoded sentence: a man riding his nature surrounded by nature nature.
Answer sentence: men, surrounded by nature, are riding mountain bikes.

Decoded sentence: a man with a reflective jacket on is working on a street with safety cones and a reflective.
Answer sentence: men with reflective safety jackets on are working on a street intersection with many orange reflective cones.

Decoded sentence: a man with a crown of a crown on his head stands in the rain.
Answer sentence: men with crowns of leaves on their heads are standing in the rain.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt and a white tee is working on a besides a man in a yellow shirt.
Answer sentence: men who work construction in orange vests and yellow hats besides one man on the right in a white tee-shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man in the red and black hat and black pants is standing in a formation.
Answer sentence: men wearing red, jackets black hats, and black pants standing in formation.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing safety hat is working while the man wearing safety hat.
Answer sentence: men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing on scaffolding and working.
Answer sentence: men standing on scaffolding are working.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a ladder of a building that is repairing a ladder.
Answer sentence: men standing on ladders repairing the windows of a building.

Decoded sentence: the man is talking on the cellphone and talking.
Answer sentence: men standing around talking on cellphones.

Decoded sentence: suburban man stands on a road corner in a suburban area doing a construction.
Answer sentence: men stand by the road, where construction is being done on the corner in a small suburban area.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing shorts and a shovel.
Answer sentence: men shovel snow while wearing shorts.

Decoded sentence: a man playing volleyball in the sand.
Answer sentence: men playing volleyball in the sand.

Decoded sentence: a man playing soccer in a field.
Answer sentence: men playing soccer in a field

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a concert playing under a concert.
Answer sentence: men playing during a concert wearing feather boas.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a sport during a sunny day.
Answer sentence: men playing a sport during a sunny day.

Decoded sentence: the man in the business suit is gathered by the man on the street.
Answer sentence: men in the business suits are crossing the street, and there are people with placards are gathering on the street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a orange hard hat and hat.
Answer sentence: men in orange vests and hard hats.

Decoded sentence: a man in orange is doing up a subway for a subway.
Answer sentence: men in orange doing clean up beside of a subway.

Decoded sentence: a man in a swimming suit is sitting near the edge of the water and a bath.
Answer sentence: men in bathing suits standing and sitting near the edge of the water while one man is swimming.

Decoded sentence: a man in a revolutionary hat and a hat is standing with a man in a revolutionary costume.
Answer sentence: men in american revolutionary hats and costumes stand with american flags, backs to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a fishing net on a beach.
Answer sentence: men holding a fishing net on the beach.

Decoded sentence: the man is dressed up for a huge event with a huge face on the face and smiling.
Answer sentence: men dressed up for some sort of event with huge smiles on their faces.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a red and white dress stands on the shoulder of a human tower while one.
Answer sentence: men dressed in red and white are standing on one another 's shoulders, creating a 3 story human tower.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a historical attire riding a historical horse around a historical horse.
Answer sentence: men dressed in either theatrical or historical attire riding horses.

Decoded sentence: a man building a shallow sand in shallow water.
Answer sentence: men building a sand castle in shallow water.

Decoded sentence: the man is dark sand out of the dark sand castle.
Answer sentence: men build castle-like sculptures out of dark sand by the shore.

Decoded sentence: the man is working on the scaffolding outside the building while a man watches a scaffold.
Answer sentence: men are working on scaffolding outside of a building while other men watch.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing next to a pallet near a boat and a boat.
Answer sentence: men are standing next to a pallet of goods near a boat.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman walking down the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: men and women walking down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting in similar to the choir while the woman in various ages and her ages.
Answer sentence: men and women of various ages sit playing instruments in an orchestra while a similar group stand in the background as a choir.

Decoded sentence: scottish men and a man in a scottish garb play on the street.
Answer sentence: men and women in scottish garb play the bagpipes as a runner approaches on the street.

Decoded sentence: a brass of brass members look at a music sheet.
Answer sentence: members of a brass band look at their sheet music.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a martial arts floor and two students watch as a matchup watches.
Answer sentence: martial arts students sit on the floor or stand in the background while watching a matchup between two people.

Decoded sentence: students practicing martial arts martial arts.
Answer sentence: martial arts students practice outside building.

Decoded sentence: journey journey runners to sprint on the finish line to the finish line.
Answer sentence: marathon runners sprinting past a walgreen 's on their journey to the finish line.

Decoded sentence: young adeleide people on a street adeleide a young club celebrate about their adeleide.
Answer sentence: many young people on a street, celebrating some concert or event and waving adeleide club flags.

Decoded sentence: young people look like a computer are looking at the computer.
Answer sentence: many young people looking a computer items.

Decoded sentence: two kayaks kayaks surrounded by trees are filling trees.
Answer sentence: many two-person kayaks fill a river surrounded by trees.

Decoded sentence: a woman ripped her feet around a blue tank top and a woman in jeans.
Answer sentence: many pigeons are crowded around the feet of a woman in a blue tank-top and ripped, blue jeans.

Decoded sentence: a wedding couple in a wedding including a couple of stairs and a couple of them are standing.
Answer sentence: many people, including a couple in a wedding dress and suit, are walking or standing around a building with lots of stairs.

Decoded sentence: a computer looking at a computer wearing headphones and a blue and blue chairs.
Answer sentence: many people wearing headphones are sitting in blue chairs looking at computers.

Decoded sentence: a marching jacket wearing a blue jacket is marching down the street.
Answer sentence: many people wearing blue jackets are marching down a street.

Decoded sentence: people walking on a brick building with pavement looking around and looking at the pavement.
Answer sentence: many people walking together on pavement near a brick building with other people looking on.

Decoded sentence: people sit at a long dinner table at a formal dinner event.
Answer sentence: many people sit at a long dinner table at a formal event.

Decoded sentence: a person riding a bike on a path while people walk toward him.
Answer sentence: many people riding bikes on a path while another person is walking toward them.

Decoded sentence: people on a street vendor selling items.
Answer sentence: many people on a street while vendors sell items.

Decoded sentence: a oscar figure figure a giant figure figure to the giant figure figure up.
Answer sentence: many people leading a giant blow-up figure of oscar the grouch down a street.

Decoded sentence: government people gathered by government.
Answer sentence: many people have gathered to protest the government.

Decoded sentence: people crowd on a public transportation transportation.
Answer sentence: many people crowded on some sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: a guy at a gathering of a guy with a gathering in his foreground.
Answer sentence: many people at an outdoor gathering with a guy and girl in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: the asian people are walking along the sidewalk in a marketplace.
Answer sentence: many people are walking along the sidewalk in an asian marketplace.

Decoded sentence: people abandon in a snowy hill while a abandon ski and a abandoned lay on the hill.
Answer sentence: many people are waiting in line on a snowy hill, and some skis and snowboards lay abandoned.

Decoded sentence: people dressed in green sit outside of a sandwich while a sandwich and a girl sits by a.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting outside the leaning tower of piza, one girl dressed in green is facing the camera and eating a sandwich.

Decoded sentence: glistening people sit on a beach watching a beach in the edge of the swimming glistening.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting on the edge of a rocky beach, watching others swim in the glistening water.

Decoded sentence: people sit in front of a cafe with tall red clothed buildings and a statue in front of.
Answer sentence: many people are sitting in a street side cafe at red clothed tables in front of a tall old building with arches and statues.

Decoded sentence: a protest protest is a protest sign and a protest sign while a protest reads a school sign.
Answer sentence: many people are outside walking while holding protest signs, the most prominent sign reading `` save our schools. ''

Decoded sentence: the party is on the party.
Answer sentence: many people are on a party.

Decoded sentence: the distant people are on a path walking downhill of a brick mountain that has downhill.
Answer sentence: many people are on a crowded brick path walking downhill towards a distant smoking mountain.

Decoded sentence: people gathering and getting food for a tent.
Answer sentence: many people are gathered under a tent, getting food.

Decoded sentence: two people are laying down in a crowded red and red hurt and a crowd next to them.
Answer sentence: many people are crowding around a lady in a red shirt who is laying down hurt next to two bikes.

Decoded sentence: a rice of rice containing dishes.
Answer sentence: many of the dishes contain rice.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man on the back of a truck going down a road.
Answer sentence: many men on the back of a pick up truck going down a road.

Decoded sentence: a league of a league league league league field in a red and white league walks on a grassy.
Answer sentence: many member of a sports league, some in white and some in red stripes, walk about on a green grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a child practicing playing in a grass outside of a grass.
Answer sentence: many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.

Decoded sentence: the child is jumping into the short body of water 's body of water into the body.
Answer sentence: many children jump off of a rock into a body of water a short drop below.

Decoded sentence: army man in army suit walking down a concrete road in a line of a building with a green.
Answer sentence: many army men in a line holding guns in green suits walking down a concrete road with a big building in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man with a conductors attire at the work of a microphone working to a informally and.
Answer sentence: man works at microphone with a group of informally attired musicians under the lead of a conductor.

Decoded sentence: a man working on a truck while a child watches.
Answer sentence: man working on old truck while child watches.

Decoded sentence: a mound of water drawing on the sand with a heart drawn up to the face of water.
Answer sentence: man with white covering on is face spraying water on a mound of sand with a heart drawn that says open up.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white flag and blue wind holding a flag in the middle of a street in a crowd.
Answer sentence: man with red, white and blue flag with one star holds it waving in the wind in the middle of a street while a crowd is seen in the background and water is sprayed.

Decoded sentence: a man with a gray shirt and white pants with a red shoes.
Answer sentence: man with red shoes, white shirt and gray pants climbing.

Decoded sentence: a man with a movie coat and gold coat and a young child in a blue coat approaching equipment.
Answer sentence: man with old movie camera and equipment, all in gold, being approached by a young child in a blue coat.

Decoded sentence: a man with a spindle on his spindle with a large orange hat on the spindle with his hand.
Answer sentence: man with his hat on backwards wearing an orange suit with his hand on a spindle with large rope.

Decoded sentence: people with gray hair and gray younger story story at the man telling story.
Answer sentence: man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man with a white shirt and a white hat on stage playing instruments on a stage next to.
Answer sentence: man with a white hat and white shirt playing many instruments on stage next to a sign that says appeared on jimmy kimmel.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt with a monitor sitting in front of a monitor monitor with a blue.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt on sitting in a computer room with at least 13 monitors in front of him with several keyboards and phones with one microphone directly in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: a man with a blue shirt holding a baby.
Answer sentence: man with a blue shirt holding a baby.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a large mask is welding a large pipe.
Answer sentence: man welding large pipe section while wearing mask.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a white shirt is doing a demonstration.
Answer sentence: man wearing white shirt does a yo-yo demonstration.

Decoded sentence: the man and wearing black and green is taking in a park nap in the park.
Answer sentence: man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing helmets and helmets riding a small motorcycle with two children taking.
Answer sentence: man wearing a helmet is taking two small children with no helmets for a ride on a motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray jacket and a red collar sitting on a bench that is wearing a gray.
Answer sentence: man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a gray tank top and a straw hat playing a bass while a man wearing a gray.
Answer sentence: man wearing a cotton gray tank top, straw hat and rope necklace singing into a microphone and playing a bass.

Decoded sentence: slider wearing a blue shirt and blue pinkie a man with a guitar and strumming a guitar.
Answer sentence: man wearing a black fedora hat, blue shirt, strumming an electric guitar with rhythm slider on his left pinkie finger.

Decoded sentence: a man watches a child in a hallway.
Answer sentence: man watching child in hallway.

Decoded sentence: a man walks a small poops poops while a giant dog walks by.
Answer sentence: man walks giant odd dog while small dog poops.

Decoded sentence: a man using a loom to make a loom.
Answer sentence: man using a loom to make something.

Decoded sentence: the man is trying to fix a box to fix a box into the box.
Answer sentence: man trying to fix a train by leaning into the equipment box.

Decoded sentence: a man takes a photograph of a man dressed in a dress.
Answer sentence: man taking a photograph of a well dressed group of teens.

Decoded sentence: a man is sweeping the street outside.
Answer sentence: man sweeping the street outside.

Decoded sentence: a man stands outside a storefront.
Answer sentence: man stands outside a storefront.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a paper in a city stand.
Answer sentence: man stands holding a paper in a city.

Decoded sentence: a man and a man standing on a ledge over a body of water meet.
Answer sentence: man standing on a rock ledge over a body of water the sky and water are blue and meet at the horizon.

Decoded sentence: filtering filtering and a man with a light filtering standing on a building with a light.
Answer sentence: man standing in the foreground with taxi behind with lights on and buildings in the background and light filtering down from above.

Decoded sentence: a man in a bedroom with a little boy standing in the bedroom.
Answer sentence: man standing in the bedroom with little boy jumping into bed.

Decoded sentence: a man and a realtors information standing toward the information on a sign that has a rachofsky.
Answer sentence: man standing and pointing toward a sign that has morton rachofsky realtors ' information on it.

Decoded sentence: milk sitting on milk crates and playing milk on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: man sitting on milk crate plays guitar on sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting by a blue door.
Answer sentence: man sitting by blue doors.

Decoded sentence: a man onlooking up girlfriend waiting with his girlfriend waiting to set.
Answer sentence: man setting up a tent outside with onlooking girlfriend waiting.

Decoded sentence: a man securing a large concrete blocks.
Answer sentence: man secures a large block of concrete.

Decoded sentence: sludge sludge a stunt on a stunt with a man sludge a stunt on a block.
Answer sentence: man performing stunt, lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer.

Decoded sentence: a man is paddling a boat near a bank on a river.
Answer sentence: man paddling a boat on a river near the bank.

Decoded sentence: the man on the beach is throwing a ball.
Answer sentence: man on the beach is throwing a red ball.

Decoded sentence: a man on stage playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: man on stage playing his guitar.

Decoded sentence: a man on a ski looking at a ski sale in the snow.
Answer sentence: man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow

Decoded sentence: a man on a bike using a box on his bike.
Answer sentence: man on bike using boxing glove on a stick.

Decoded sentence: a man on a atv 's air.
Answer sentence: man on an atv catching air !

Decoded sentence: a man looks at a glass microscope and light glass.
Answer sentence: man looks through light microscope at a glass slide.

Decoded sentence: a man jumps off a rock.
Answer sentence: man jumping off rocks.

Decoded sentence: a man jumping off a rock into the water.
Answer sentence: man jumping off a rock into water.

Decoded sentence: a man standing on a white snowboard holding a snowboard.
Answer sentence: man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.

Decoded sentence: a man in a denim shirt and a denim and white sneakers and a white socks in a park juggling.
Answer sentence: man in yellow t-shirt, black denim shorts, black socks and white sneakers, juggling knives in a city park.

Decoded sentence: a man in a yellow and yellow trailer is climbing a tractor with a tractor while others.
Answer sentence: man in yellow behind the wheel of a tractor, hooked to a trailer and under an open sided roof, while others climb on the back.

Decoded sentence: a man in a denim shirt and blue apron is attending a barbecue on a barbecue painted of.
Answer sentence: man in white tea shirt, denim paints and blue apron attends to barbecue on a truck trailer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt tossing a frisbee in a black dog with a black dog and a frisbee.
Answer sentence: man in white shirt tossing frisbee for black and white dog who has a white frisbee in its mouth.

Decoded sentence: the man in the red shirt is kicking a soccer ball with his soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: people in fur with fur and red costumes holding fur swords with fur on the background.
Answer sentence: man in red costume, with a fur hat, a sword and a knife on his belt holding an ax, with blurred people in the background.

Decoded sentence: a man in a jacket reading on a bench.
Answer sentence: man in jacket reading on a bench.

Decoded sentence: a man in a pumpkin boxer carving a pumpkin.
Answer sentence: man in his boxers carving a pumpkin.

Decoded sentence: a man in a hiking gear hiking.
Answer sentence: man in hiking gear tying his shoe.

Decoded sentence: the man in the hat is driving a mule cart.
Answer sentence: man in hat driving a steering a mule and cart.

Decoded sentence: eyeglasses in a dark suit and a man wearing a dark suit and a business suit are sitting.
Answer sentence: man in dark business suit, sitting by a marble water fountain, wearing eyeglasses and talking on his cellphone with newspaper on his lap.

Decoded sentence: the man in the business suit is wearing a business suit and holding a cellphone and surrounded.
Answer sentence: man in business suit and holding cellphone, wearing sunglasses, surrounded by parked automobiles.

Decoded sentence: the man in the business attire is speaking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: man in business attire speaks into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a man in a brown suit is standing with a man casting a brown and flowing his back while.
Answer sentence: man in brown suit stands with his hands behind his back and his shadow is cast on the flow as taken from above.

Decoded sentence: a man in a bright yellow safety vest and yellow safety vest on display.
Answer sentence: man in bright yellow vest displays bicycle safety information on street.

Decoded sentence: the man in the athletic cap is wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses is wearing a baseball.
Answer sentence: man in boat wearing athletic shorts, a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue sweater measuring a blue board.
Answer sentence: man in blue sweater measuring curved board.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt kicks soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue shirt and glasses is holding a thumbs while a man in a black shirt looks.
Answer sentence: man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.

Decoded sentence: the man in the blue jacket and khaki pants is holding a blue umbrella near the man walking.
Answer sentence: man in blue jacket and khaki pants is walking near a man holding a blue and white umbrella.

Decoded sentence: the feathered man with the black hat is sitting atop the horse.
Answer sentence: man in black with a feathered hat sits atop a horse.

Decoded sentence: woman in black shirt and black skirt hugging in a gray and white skirt.
Answer sentence: man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt, gray skirt.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black prepares to celebrate on the birthday cake to celebrate his birthday.
Answer sentence: man in black prepares to celebrate his birthday by blowing out the candles on his cake.

Decoded sentence: flue in pink shirt and black pants playing a flue in a pink shirt.
Answer sentence: man in black pants, white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances

Decoded sentence: two men in black vests and black pants balancing a pillar in a black and black torch.
Answer sentence: man in black pants and vest balances between to pillars, holding two flaming torches in his right hand.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black on a microphone in the microphone.
Answer sentence: man in black on microphone, in band.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black jacket holding a newspaper.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket holding newspaper.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black jacket and black cap on a baseball street.
Answer sentence: man in black jacket and baseball cap juggling on a street.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black hat and a tennis hat teaching on to a tennis court.
Answer sentence: man in black hat teaching another man tennis on a fenced in tennis court.

Decoded sentence: two men in orange shirts with orange shirts walking a large tattoo.
Answer sentence: man in an orange shirt with tattoos walking two large poodles.

Decoded sentence: the man in the red shirt is trying to climb a red and red cargo colored cargo.
Answer sentence: man in a red shirt and olive colored cargo shorts trying to rock climb.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and a man in a black shirt dancing to information in front of a.
Answer sentence: man in a long-sleeved black shirt, appears to be engaged in dance, in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations.

Decoded sentence: a man in a sleeping bench watching a bench.
Answer sentence: man in a bench watching another man sleeping.

Decoded sentence: a man holds a water pipe.
Answer sentence: man holding a water pipe.

Decoded sentence: a man holding a sword while a man holds a violin across a violin and stroke.
Answer sentence: man holding a sword like a violin and stroking a violin bow across it.

Decoded sentence: the man and the pepper are standing while the man is standing behind the bun of the pepper.
Answer sentence: man grilling hotdogs, buns, peppers and other foods while another man stands behind him posing.

Decoded sentence: a man giving a tree out to a tree up.
Answer sentence: man giving female a leg up onto tree.

Decoded sentence: people watch as a man escapes a straitjacket and the man is escapes.
Answer sentence: man escaping a straitjacket while many people watch.

Decoded sentence: the man and containers next to a car container next to a car.
Answer sentence: man drives car next to shipping containers.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a open dress pointing at his mouth.
Answer sentence: man dressed in drag pointing at his open mouth.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in a hat and a scarf and a scarf in a easel on a street easel easel for a.
Answer sentence: man dressed in coat, scarf, and hat painting a picture of a building on an easel in the streets.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a baseball hat and a baseball hat is working in front of a valley straight.
Answer sentence: man dressed all in black wearing work boots and baseball hat, jumps, spreading legs straight out to either side, touching them with his hands, in front of a valley view.

Decoded sentence: a man is demonstrating a industrial fair at a fair.
Answer sentence: man demonstrating an industrial saw at a fair.

Decoded sentence: diry man through the path wearing a white helmet and a white helmet.
Answer sentence: man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves

Decoded sentence: a man carrying a bottle of coke on a dirt road bottle.
Answer sentence: man carries empty coke bottles on his head across dirt road.

Decoded sentence: a man and woman fishing in the ocean.
Answer sentence: man and woman fishing in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: a man and a child in yellow kayak.
Answer sentence: man and child in yellow kayak

Decoded sentence: a man kicks to kick a football on the field.
Answer sentence: man about to kick football on a field.

Decoded sentence: a male with a dark gray shirt and a white cup with a blond male and a brown bag on the.
Answer sentence: male with dark blond-hair, eyeglasses, watch, gray shirt, with a brown folded bag and white coffee cup on a white table.

Decoded sentence: a male position with a tennis ball on his left arm sitting in a tennis ball and onlookers.
Answer sentence: male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down.

Decoded sentence: a male musician wearing a leather jacket and a leather jacket playing a accordion on a.
Answer sentence: male musician playing an accordion wearing a leather jacket and hat on a boardwalk or pier.

Decoded sentence: a lot of people sitting on a low road lined with lots of people along the road line for.
Answer sentence: lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road.

Decoded sentence: people of a white and white nationals walking on the road near a lot of people.
Answer sentence: lots of people are walking on the road near several white buildings towards nationals park.

Decoded sentence: a man sits under a lot of tree.
Answer sentence: lot of men are sitting under a shaded tree.

Decoded sentence: a lone hiker in a newly set of steps preparing to land in the mountains and a lone setting.
Answer sentence: lone hiker in mountain setting viewing newly tilled land prepared in a `` step '' system of planting.

Decoded sentence: leaguer little getting ready for pitch.
Answer sentence: little leaguer getting ready for pitch

Decoded sentence: the little kids are on a park ride.
Answer sentence: little kids are on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: a little girl wearing a mask sitting on the street as a little girl wearing a mask mask.
Answer sentence: little girl wearing a mask sitting on man 's shoulders as they walk through a crowded street together.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is looking through the camera.
Answer sentence: little girl looking through a camera.

Decoded sentence: the little girl is entices by the disinterested girl.
Answer sentence: little girl is disinterested by what entices the crowd.

Decoded sentence: a little girl holds a karate trophy.
Answer sentence: little girl holding a karate trophy.

Decoded sentence: a little girl dressed in purple jacket and sunglasses up in a large purple jacket.
Answer sentence: little girl dressing up in a dark purple jacket and large sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: the little girl in the white shirt and sandals capris a little white and white capris as.
Answer sentence: little brown headed girl in a red and white checkered shirt, white capris and white sandals plays outside chasing pigeons.

Decoded sentence: a little boy in a white uniform performing a martial arts indoors.
Answer sentence: little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors.

Decoded sentence: a little boy with curly hair and blue jeans is taking a picture of a female pinata as a.
Answer sentence: little boy with curly hair, a green shirt and blue jeans, has a baseball bat near a pinata, while a female behind him gets ready to take a picture of him.

Decoded sentence: the little boy wearing a multicolored hat and scarf is looking down to the sad he has his.
Answer sentence: little boy wearing a multicolored scarf and hat has a sad look on his face as he is looking down.

Decoded sentence: a little boy running in a grassy field towards trees.
Answer sentence: little boy running in a grassy field towards a tree.

Decoded sentence: motorized little boy on bike rides his playground.
Answer sentence: little boy rides around playground on a motorized bike.

Decoded sentence: the little boy is dressed in blue and cleats.
Answer sentence: little boy dressed in blue wearing cleats.

Decoded sentence: radio military communications guard standing on a street outside talking and a metal guard.
Answer sentence: lighted night scene of a military uniformed guard standing outside behind metal street barriers, talking on a radio communications device, in front of a tank.

Decoded sentence: boiling boiling women in full boiling are rummaging along a campfire while a woman in a.
Answer sentence: large skillet full of soup boiling over an open campfire and woman rummaging in a cardboard box in background.

Decoded sentence: two happy dogs walking down the railroad tracks with a family in winter.
Answer sentence: large happy family walking down railroad tracks with two dogs in the winter.

Decoded sentence: a large brown dog walking up a staircase.
Answer sentence: large brown dog walks up a blue staircase.

Decoded sentence: people in a street walking down a street in front of a store with a blue and blue dress.
Answer sentence: lady standing in front of store window in a blue dress talking on a cellphone with people walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: hoolahoops in black on a street hoolahoops.
Answer sentence: lady in black hoolahoops on the street.

Decoded sentence: the lady is looking in the photo album.
Answer sentence: ladies looking in a photo album.

Decoded sentence: a leader of a harness around a harness that is camping up to a tree in front of a tree.
Answer sentence: ladder against a tree and rope harness being set up by a camp leader in front of campers.

Decoded sentence: the surfer is surfing in the harbor on the clear harbor of a kite in the background harbor.
Answer sentence: kite surfers are surfing in a shipping harbor on a clear windy day, in the background is a snowcapped mountain.

Decoded sentence: a kid sits on a ledge talking.
Answer sentence: kids sit on a ledge and talk.

Decoded sentence: people watch as two kids watch as they watch.
Answer sentence: kids scale a wall as two other people watch.

Decoded sentence: a kid running in a field.
Answer sentence: kids running in the field.

Decoded sentence: a backhoe riding on a dirt mound with a backhoe and a backhoe in front of the dirt beside.
Answer sentence: kids riding on their bicycles near a mound of dirt with a hovel from a backhoe in front of the mound.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing softball.
Answer sentence: kids playing softball.

Decoded sentence: the kids are playing in the street while one of them is holding a gun and a gun.
Answer sentence: kids playing in the streets while one is holding a gun while an adult woman passes by.

Decoded sentence: a kid playing at a jungle gym park.
Answer sentence: kids playing at a park jungle gym.

Decoded sentence: minnie kids in a race with shovels and a little girl scoops out sand and the little girl.
Answer sentence: kids jump in a sack race, as a little girl on the beach with a minnie mouse bucket with her shovel scoops up the sand in piles.

Decoded sentence: the kids dressed in costumes are playing a game while playing a game.
Answer sentence: kids are dressed in costume and playing a game.

Decoded sentence: determined kids and determined kids are standing in the playground.
Answer sentence: kid standing and looking determined in the playground

Decoded sentence: pc school kids playing on a school game.
Answer sentence: kid playing old school game on an old pc.

Decoded sentence: the skateboarder in the jean shorts is using the cameraman to the cameraman as the cameraman.
Answer sentence: kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches.

Decoded sentence: jokey on gray and white jokey a horse and a black jokey jumps up a hurdle of a gray pole.
Answer sentence: jokey on white or light gray horse is jumping over a hurdle of yellow, white and black poles.

Decoded sentence: the market is selling in the open market that are selling items by their items.
Answer sentence: items are being sold in the open market by it 's vendors.

Decoded sentence: a snowman takes a little boy in the snow and a snowman of the snowman is taking a snowman.
Answer sentence: it 's a snow day so the mother takes her little boy who is in yellow out to make a snowman, and the dog loves to roll in the snow.

Decoded sentence: a stadium bordered two of which are bordered the giant bordering the team of the team are.
Answer sentence: it 's a giant, packed stadium, and the two teams of the soccer game border the edge of the field.

Decoded sentence: a foreign of people with a foreign asian sign and a subway station with a sign seem to.
Answer sentence: it seems to be an asian subway station with few people and signs in a foreign writing on the wall.

Decoded sentence: the man is trying to work to clear the clear country wearing a foreign country in uniform.
Answer sentence: it looks to me like two men here wearing work uniforms have been trying to clear the gutters together in a foreign country, possibly the uk.

Decoded sentence: the martial arts and boy looks on as the boy gets art from the art art.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a young boy is getting someone on one attention from a martial arts instructor.

Decoded sentence: soldiers and a car are sleeping in a home car.
Answer sentence: it looks as though a soldier is sleeping in a car on his way home after a deployment.

Decoded sentence: two runners race a race and doing a track race.
Answer sentence: it is two track runners that just got done running a track race.

Decoded sentence: a late all of winter late winter.
Answer sentence: it appears to be late fall or early winter.

Decoded sentence: a woman floats to be singing and a makeshift boat float down.
Answer sentence: it appears to be a makeshift boat floating down a river while a woman is singing.

Decoded sentence: loaf in a room with blue flowers and a loaf of bread and a man in a blue sweater stands.
Answer sentence: inside a sunny room, an older woman in a blue shirt is handing a loaf of bread over a pile of bagged bread to a smiling woman with eyes closed, in flower shirt and duster sweater, as a man in a red shirt and glasses stands between them and watches.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a terminal is talking to information while a girl on her cellphone.
Answer sentence: individuals in a terminal review transit information while one girl talks on her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: indian indian shop vendor working under a day.
Answer sentence: indian shop vendor working during the day.

Decoded sentence: a man catches a teal bag and a teal boat on his boat.
Answer sentence: in this photo there is a man in a white shirt dark blue pants standing on a small boat in what looks like a lake of some sort he has a net in one hand and a line of some type of string in the other the line is in the water the man also has a teal colored bag on his boat so he might be catching fish.

Decoded sentence: people in black shirts and black shirts are having a brown arm in the midst of a crowd.
Answer sentence: in the midst of a crowd of people, a woman in a black t-shirt has her arm around a man in a brown hat.

Decoded sentence: a man with a bicycle painted is gold in a bicycle shopping center of a bicycle.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there is a man who is painted gold with a gold bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two men on bicycles with a shopping statue of a man in a middle skeleton a bicycle.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a shopping center, there are two statues of men on bicycles with skeletons by them.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and a black shirt is operating on a tripod with a crowd of tripods.
Answer sentence: in the middle of a crowd, a man in a black t-shirt operates a camera on a tripod, pointing it at the camera.

Decoded sentence: the television is seated in the room and looking for the television to the television while.
Answer sentence: in the living room, there is a couch, a number of lights and seat looking onto a television.

Decoded sentence: caravan caravan and a sign out from the long desert sign on the side of the camera.
Answer sentence: in the desert on a cloudy day, a long camel caravan makes several curves away from the camera, the last camel passing a sign along side the trail.

Decoded sentence: a woman is balancing a basket of a shell on a beach in the beach.
Answer sentence: in the beach a woman is balancing a basket of shells on her head.

Decoded sentence: two men are walking in a wooded bridge into a man stop on a wood path in a wooded bridge.
Answer sentence: in the autumn, two men run in opposite directions down a path that leads over a bridge and through the woods, while two others walking a dog are stopped on the bridge.

Decoded sentence: a couple wearing rollerskates and a couple of rollerskates are walking near a person and.
Answer sentence: in front of palm trees, figures ride bicycles while a couple walk and a child wears rollerskates near an older person.

Decoded sentence: a man with a gray shirt and black younger man in a gray shirt receiving a seat of a crowd.
Answer sentence: in front of a seated crowd, a man with a gray beard receives a beard trim from a younger man in a black shirt.

Decoded sentence: the woman is looking out to block the front of the clothesline sheet of the dry carpet.
Answer sentence: in front of a clothesline where sheets and carpets are drying, a woman looks out over a concrete-block railing.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a pink shirt and a pink shirt is walking in the skate of a tree with palm trees.
Answer sentence: in foreground, a woman in pink jeans is helping a child in a heart t-shirt to skate, while cyclists and others walk in background with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue uniform with a karate belt and a young man with a blue belt and blue.
Answer sentence: in an outdoor location with spectators in the background, a young man in a karate uniform with a blue belt has his arm around the neck of a young woman in a karate uniform with a brown belt while she grips his arm with both hands.

Decoded sentence: the little boy in the orange shirt and luggage is wearing a orange bus and luggage in the.
Answer sentence: in a train station or bus depot a little boy in orange pants is running to his mother, wearing an orange shirt, with many passengers in the background having either backpacks or luggage.

Decoded sentence: young men dressed in black and black jackets are soldering to board a science board in.
Answer sentence: in a science classroom a young man dressed in a black jacket solders a wire to a circuit board.

Decoded sentence: a man appears to be falling over a bed in a room with a man and a high clothes on it.
Answer sentence: in a room with clothes strewn on the bed, a man appears to be falling onto the bed from a high distance.

Decoded sentence: young girl in pink dress and brown thread is sitting next to a public device in a public.
Answer sentence: in a public area, a young girl in a pink dress sits next to an older woman who works a primitive device to make brown thread.

Decoded sentence: the girl is standing in the park while the description of the boy bent to be waiting for.
Answer sentence: in a park, a boy is bent to read the tree description, and a girl is standing nearby waiting for him.

Decoded sentence: three girls in yellow and yellow uniforms are dancing in a parade down a street feather.
Answer sentence: in a parade, three girls in green uniforms and green and yellow feathers are dancing down the middle of a street.

Decoded sentence: a person dressed in black and black looks downward in the mountain landscape up the mountain.
Answer sentence: in a mountain landscape, a person dressed in black leans against a fence and looks downward.

Decoded sentence: a man with a chinese demonstration and a woman is spears face in a chinese demonstration.
Answer sentence: in a martial arts demonstration a man with two swords faces a woman with a chinese spear.

Decoded sentence: the dancer in the scottish kilt is dancing in the studio after rehearsing.
Answer sentence: in a dance studio, dancers in scottish kilts rehearse before an instructor.

Decoded sentence: the man in the yellow shirt is wearing a yellow shirt and approaching a concert at a concert.
Answer sentence: in a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: the man is standing up the head and doing a wave while the man stands outside with his.
Answer sentence: in a crowd at a stadium, one man is standing up by himself with his arms up over his head like he 's doing the wave.

Decoded sentence: two men are sitting down in front of a subway bench watching a man in a city and a older.
Answer sentence: in a city in front of a subway, a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him.

Decoded sentence: the man in the black leather coat is coming out of the subway track waiting in his black.
Answer sentence: in a black leather coat, a man waiting for the subway to come pauses to look up from his book to check the oncoming track.

Decoded sentence: the man is coming in the wet tide and tide on the wet tide.
Answer sentence: if the tide comes in, the man 's tennis shoes will get wet.

Decoded sentence: people of hundred gather at a hundreds event.
Answer sentence: hundreds of people gathered at an event.

Decoded sentence: household household items setting outside.
Answer sentence: household items being set outside a building.

Decoded sentence: the horse with the jockey is participating in a race.
Answer sentence: horses with jockeys participate in a race.

Decoded sentence: a homeless man and a homeless man living.
Answer sentence: homeless man living among the construction.

Decoded sentence: hipsters perform on a acoustic guitar.
Answer sentence: hipster performs on the acoustic guitar.

Decoded sentence: a soccer game of a soccer game behind a soccer game while a blue shirt watches.
Answer sentence: here, we 're watching a soccer game between the blue-shirts team and the green-shirts team.

Decoded sentence: linen picture of a linen airplane out the side of the garbage.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of the side of an airplane where the linen and garbage is being thrown out.

Decoded sentence: a picture of people outside waiting for a bus or waiting to take pictures of it.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere.

Decoded sentence: people in sports picture of a stadium.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a people in a sports stadium.

Decoded sentence: a man takes a picture of a park with a man taking a picture while a man takes a picture.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man kissing his wife at a park and his wife is taking a picture of them kissing.

Decoded sentence: a man george a lot of 1800 clothing and a man dressed in a washington form of clothing.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a man dressed in clothing form the 1800 's and looks a lot like george washington.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a half shirt and a half shirt standing behind a way to look down a half.
Answer sentence: here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down.

Decoded sentence: a little boy with a large broom of a large cooperative boy on a porch is sweeping front.
Answer sentence: here is a little boy whose being very cooperative and sweeping the outside porch area with a large broom on the front porch that has a strong railing.

Decoded sentence: a grandmother baby is crying while the grandmother is holding his baby.
Answer sentence: here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother.

Decoded sentence: a rake jumping into a pile of leaves while a rake jumps to him.
Answer sentence: he jumped into the pile of leaves we just finished raking.

Decoded sentence: a wife is coming to late it as he is coming.
Answer sentence: he is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late.

Decoded sentence: a hard workers enjoying a break sitting in the shade under a building.
Answer sentence: hard workers are enjoying their lunch break sitting in the shade against a building.

Decoded sentence: happy man and happy man on a barbecue.
Answer sentence: happy man grilling meat on his barbecue.

Decoded sentence: happy happy man in a happy speaks is speaking into a microphone in front of a brick building.
Answer sentence: happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building.

Decoded sentence: the happy child is smiling out to the rocks.
Answer sentence: happy children rocking out and smiling.

Decoded sentence: the man is hanging from the bar on the whiteboard over the bar and has a yellow rooster.
Answer sentence: hanging onto a bar, the man on a yellow and whiteboard cuts through the waves with the water rooster tailing up behind him.

Decoded sentence: the guys are digging around the ground in a tree.
Answer sentence: guys digging around a tree in the ground.

Decoded sentence: the guy is running in the marathon.
Answer sentence: guys are running in a marathon.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a bright blue shirt is wearing a bright yellow shirt with palm trees on the front.
Answer sentence: guy wearing sunglasses and blue shirt on skateboard in front of a bright yellow building with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: a guy on a blue ladder painting a ladder.
Answer sentence: guy on a ladder painting the building blue.

Decoded sentence: the man in the purple jacket is singing up and playing the guitar in the fuzzy jacket and.
Answer sentence: guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a blue jacket and a big blue jacket is standing around a guy in front of a big.
Answer sentence: guy in blue jacket and hat standing in front of some type of machinery while starring up with a big smile.

Decoded sentence: a guy in a jacket and a mobile jacket is listening to a mobile device.
Answer sentence: guy and girl in jackets while guy listens to mobile device

Decoded sentence: adorning adorning adorning tops of a gumdrops.
Answer sentence: gumdrops adorn the top of the dessert.

Decoded sentence: a sitting on a grassy hill.
Answer sentence: group sitting on a grassy hill resting.

Decoded sentence: a dance performs.
Answer sentence: group performs a dance together.

Decoded sentence: a young man holding a young man posing.
Answer sentence: group of young men posing and holding cans.

Decoded sentence: a young man playing cricket in a dirt field.
Answer sentence: group of young men playing cricket in a dirt field.

Decoded sentence: three men in a park watch a man and a older man in the park watch.
Answer sentence: group of three men and women in their late 20s watching an older man play guitar in the park.

Decoded sentence: a teen of teen male picking up garbage.
Answer sentence: group of teen males picking up garbage.

Decoded sentence: people in a dimly lit area reading a small area.
Answer sentence: group of people in a small dimly lit area reading something.

Decoded sentence: pepper women wearing red clothes and large jewelry sit on a bench as a large jewelry of.
Answer sentence: group of older women wearing purple and red clothes, chili peppers jewelry, and large sombreros, sitting on a brick bench.

Decoded sentence: a medium woman on a medium box sitting in a medium space with a bucket of food and a woman.
Answer sentence: group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.

Decoded sentence: a child playing soccer of a soccer with water in the background.
Answer sentence: group of children playing soccer with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclers of bicyclers is spraying out the corner of a bicyclers and a bicyclers bicycler.
Answer sentence: group of bicyclers rounding a corner with water spraying up from their wheels.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a asian boy is waiting for a cooking and meat inside a barbecue.
Answer sentence: group of asian boys wait for meat to cook over barbecue.

Decoded sentence: tuxes wearing white and white dress is sprinkles with a sprinkled and the bride and groom.
Answer sentence: groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers.

Decoded sentence: bridesmaids pose with a groom.
Answer sentence: groom posing with bridesmaids.

Decoded sentence: the baseball employees dressed in red and red apron is sitting on a ledge in front of a.
Answer sentence: grocery store employee, dressed in a red apron & a baseball cap, sits on a ledge in front of the store.

Decoded sentence: a person eating a horse from a gray and green shirt wearing a green bucket in a horse.
Answer sentence: gray horse wearing blue cover eating from a orange bucket held by a person in a green shirt.

Decoded sentence: a golfer takes a ball to take a ball at the golfer.
Answer sentence: golfer takes a swing at the ball as spectators watch.

Decoded sentence: glossy glossy glossy laying in red bowl.
Answer sentence: glossy red apples lay stacked in a metal bowl.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a blue dress holding a long blue fabric smiling as she is holding a camera.
Answer sentence: girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a multicolor top standing in the middle of a train track with a green top and.
Answer sentence: girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a black shirt and glasses is sitting on a cobblestone street wearing a blue.
Answer sentence: girl with glasses wearing a black horizontally striped shirt, a blue tuque, and jeans sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk and street.

Decoded sentence: a man with glasses and a gray beard and a gray beard holding a baby sitting on a porch.
Answer sentence: girl with arms crossed, a man with a gray beard holding a glass, and a baby sitting on a porch.

Decoded sentence: a girl runs through the water near the water.
Answer sentence: girl running through the water near the shore.

Decoded sentence: a mini girl and a girl playing golf with flowers in the background.
Answer sentence: girl playing mini golf with flowers in the background.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing in a bare puddle with bare feet.
Answer sentence: girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a white shirt blowing bubbles in a room.
Answer sentence: girl in white shirt blowing bubbles in dark room.

Decoded sentence: a girl in a blue sweater holding a own hands.
Answer sentence: girl in a blue sweater holding her own hands.

Decoded sentence: headbutting headbutting a soccer ball during a game.
Answer sentence: girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl serving food on a plate.
Answer sentence: girl and boy serving food on plate

Decoded sentence: the girl is holding a half of wood and in half of her karate as she is holding a piece.
Answer sentence: girl about to kick a piece of wood in half while karate instructor holds it

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue suit is walking in front of a city with a blond man in a city suit with.
Answer sentence: gentleman in blue scarf is walking in the city with a blond girl in front of a man in a black suit.

Decoded sentence: the verdant verdant man and a tractor are visible on the neighborhood of their neighborhood.
Answer sentence: from the inside of a car, a verdant neighborhood and a man on a tractor pulling a fallen tree are visible.

Decoded sentence: a geyser playing a geyser in a water geyser.
Answer sentence: friends having fun playing in the water geyser.

Decoded sentence: the family family sitting on the lawn next to a family and relax on the fire next to a.
Answer sentence: friends and family relax and sit on lawn chairs next to a fire, at night.

Decoded sentence: young brownies four women with brownies around their plates of a counter in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: four young women around a kitchen counter with a plate of brownies in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: young trendy woman sitting in public place talking.
Answer sentence: four young trendy women sitting and talking in a public place.

Decoded sentence: three young men dressed on swim with their swim painted on their seats painted are at the.
Answer sentence: four young men, one fully dressed and seated, and three in black swim trunks- two standing, one seated- are on a pier with brightly painted railings.

Decoded sentence: young man and four young men are in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: four young men and a young woman on her cellphone are in a kitchen together.

Decoded sentence: two young boys dressed in potrait pose with a potrait smile while the girl in front of.
Answer sentence: four young children dressed formally pose for a potrait with the two boys standing in front and the two girls smiling in the back.

Decoded sentence: young boy stands around four grill.
Answer sentence: four young boys are standing around a grill.

Decoded sentence: young boy running down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four young boys are running down a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four workers are posing for a house behind a house.
Answer sentence: four workers pose between beams of a house.

Decoded sentence: brownies women stand in the kitchen behind a brownies brownies.
Answer sentence: four women stand in a kitchen behind a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: four women sitting on a small green outdoor doghouse in a backdrop with a furniture and.
Answer sentence: four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: the four women in red bathing suits are performing a routine in front of a synchronized.
Answer sentence: four women in red bathing suits are performing a synchronized swimming routine in front of an audience.

Decoded sentence: three women in clearly clearly are playing musical instruments while playing musical instruments.
Answer sentence: four women in a living room, three of which are clearly playing a musical instrument.

Decoded sentence: three teenagers and a girl in a river are jumping on a river while four teenagers are jumping.
Answer sentence: four teenagers, three girls and one boy, are jumping in the air on a sidewalk by the river.

Decoded sentence: the teenager is in the church playing instruments.
Answer sentence: four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments.

Decoded sentence: similarly dressed woman in brightly four sunlight and a long sunlight dance with a tree.
Answer sentence: four similarly styled brightly dressed women with long skirts dancing in the sunlight with trees framing their movements in the background.

Decoded sentence: four shirtless men are hiking up a canyon.
Answer sentence: four shirtless men hike up a canyon.

Decoded sentence: international runners compete in a race on a international course with four flags and colorful.
Answer sentence: four runners are competing in a race, on an indoor course, decorated with many colorful, international flags.

Decoded sentence: four four workers are planting a road.
Answer sentence: four road workers planting a tree.

Decoded sentence: four players on a soccer field holding a soccer ball on a field and one of the yellow team.
Answer sentence: four players on a soccer team stand on a field while one of them holds the yellow ball and talks to the referee.

Decoded sentence: the four people with black hair are posing for a picture in the background with a black.
Answer sentence: four people with black hair pose for a picture with windows in the background.

Decoded sentence: chicago people wearing head shirts and chicago bags cubs on a paper cubs out of a paper.
Answer sentence: four people wearing chicago cubs shirts are wearing paper bags on their heads that spell out cubs.

Decoded sentence: four people walking toward a lightly tower in the woods toward a large construction tower.
Answer sentence: four people walking toward a large construction tower of some kind in a lightly wooded area.

Decoded sentence: three people are walking down a city sidewalk with four people facing the camera.
Answer sentence: four people walk down a city sidewalk- three facing the camera one away.

Decoded sentence: four people waiting for the train.
Answer sentence: four people waiting for their train.

Decoded sentence: four people are waiting for side in the road by a japanese four people and a japanese wall.
Answer sentence: four people wait by the side of the road, with a wall covered in chinese or japanese characters behind them.

Decoded sentence: people standing near four people at night.
Answer sentence: four people standing near a wall at night.

Decoded sentence: four people sitting in a tree on a tree.
Answer sentence: four people sitting in branches on a tree.

Decoded sentence: people stand outdoors talking to four men in white shirts and white shirts sitting on a.
Answer sentence: four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting on a step entrance to four people.
Answer sentence: four people sit on the steps of the entrance to a building.

Decoded sentence: two people sit in a blue and four bystanders listening to the woman with bystanders in.
Answer sentence: four people sit and listen to a woman in a blue scoop neck talk with two bystanders in the background.

Decoded sentence: four people posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: four people posing for a picture

Decoded sentence: four men are sharing different four people walk by a park bench and four men are sharing.
Answer sentence: four people of all different walks to life share one park bench while one man plays the guitar.

Decoded sentence: three people walk near a sidewalk with four of people nearby and one is a body of water.
Answer sentence: four people near a body of water, one sitting and three standing, while two people walk on a nearby sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: people in period costumes sit at tables outside of a curious stop and four people.
Answer sentence: four people in period costumes sit outdoor at a table and curious onlookers stop to stare.

Decoded sentence: four people in black shirts using a presentation on a big four people using a room full.
Answer sentence: four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of people using a big projector image on the wall.

Decoded sentence: people sprawled on a couch and four men are sitting on a green couch and there are a sprawling.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting on blue and green couches, while a fifth man sitting aside looks on, underneath a sprawling red tree.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting down on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: four people are sitting behind a table full of food.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting behind a table full of food.

Decoded sentence: people sit at a picnic bench next to a man and four men sitting on the picnic.
Answer sentence: four people are sitting at a picnic bench eating while a fifth man stands next to the bench.

Decoded sentence: two people are wearing black and white shirts and black shirts are setting with gritty.
Answer sentence: four people are shown in a gritty basement setting with blue walls and a white door on the ceiling ; two of the people wear black t-shirts with a skull-and-crossbones and the words ' starve poverty '.

Decoded sentence: four people are playing basketball on a planks outdoors deck.
Answer sentence: four people are playing basketball on a plank deck outdoors.

Decoded sentence: four people are jumping from top of a flight of stairs.
Answer sentence: four people are jumping from the top of a flight of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four people are holding flags in a middle of a bunch of four people.
Answer sentence: four people are holding an american flag in the middle of a bunch of people.

Decoded sentence: two people are at a pavilion four men getting drinks from the pavilion.
Answer sentence: four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men.

Decoded sentence: young musicians are standing on a street listening to a man on a bike and four musicians.
Answer sentence: four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.

Decoded sentence: four men and four men are sitting at a laptop in front of a laptop.
Answer sentence: four men- one looking at a book- sit in front of laptops.

Decoded sentence: two people are performing on stage with guitars and four men in the air watching them.
Answer sentence: four men, two of them with guitars, perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch.

Decoded sentence: 3rd men in blue robes and one man are doing laundry in a muddy country.
Answer sentence: four men, one in a long blue robe, looking like they are doing laundry in a muddy pit in a 3rd world country.

Decoded sentence: four men are wearing black coats and one in a white lab jacket and one in a white lab jacket.
Answer sentence: four men, 3 in white lab coats and one wearing black jacket, surveying bread buns in industrial kitchen.

Decoded sentence: two men work into a tree as a man four men are working into the ground and putting off.
Answer sentence: four men working putting a tree into the ground, two are looking away, while the other two are shoveling the tree into the ground.

Decoded sentence: four men with four excited are excited jumping off of a excited stairs.
Answer sentence: four men with excited faces are jumping down from the top of stairs.

Decoded sentence: four men waiting in a ladder to a man.
Answer sentence: four men waiting in a area, holding ladders.

Decoded sentence: four men are riding on a back of four dump truck.
Answer sentence: four men ride on the back of a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: the four men in blue shirts and white jeans are talking and talking.
Answer sentence: four men in white t-shirts, blue jeans, and hats talking.

Decoded sentence: the man in the street is riding a cobblestone garbage on the back of the back while four.
Answer sentence: four men in shorts and sandals ride standing on the back of a garbage truck on a cobblestone street.

Decoded sentence: gator men in fatigues sit across a field of john deere wheels and fatigues are sitting.
Answer sentence: four men in fatigues ride across a dry field on the back of a john deere gator while a woman sits at the wheel.

Decoded sentence: two men in camouflage uniforms are taking a hurry down a street while four men in camouflage.
Answer sentence: four men in camouflage uniforms hurry down a street, with the two men in front taking a left into some vegetation.

Decoded sentence: chicago dressed wearing brown shirt and brown head walking along a c four chicago cubs.
Answer sentence: four men dressed in chicago cubs shirts are walking while wearing brown bags over their heads that spell out `` c-u-b-s. ''

Decoded sentence: four men are doing a roof on a roof.
Answer sentence: four men do repair work on a roof.

Decoded sentence: four men are walking up a trail.
Answer sentence: four men are walking up a trail.

Decoded sentence: a man sits and four four men are sitting at a row of water.
Answer sentence: four men are sitting near a tree talking while another stands looking at a body of water and another is rowing a boat.

Decoded sentence: three men are rollerskating in a line of four of them holding four men and a last last.
Answer sentence: four men are rollerskating in a line, with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them.

Decoded sentence: fifth men and four men are standing on the ground beside a house.
Answer sentence: four men are leaping into the air while the fifth man is standing on the ground outside of a house.

Decoded sentence: strand strand man in blue and white apron is strand in front of a small table with four.
Answer sentence: four men and women in blue aprons strand in front of a table where there are many white plates and small blue bowls.

Decoded sentence: the four men in blue outfits stand in the street with onlookers in the background.
Answer sentence: four men and one woman in blue outfits are standing together in a street with onlookers in the background.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting in front of a table with four four men and one woman sitting at the.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman sit at a conference table covered in a white sheet, with beverages in front of them and one has a microphone.

Decoded sentence: the four men are on the stage and the man answer and the man is answer and the question.
Answer sentence: four men and a woman are on stage answering questions about a book.

Decoded sentence: a male and four male are on a warehouse with graffiti equipment on the floor.
Answer sentence: four males with camera equipment and backpacks inside a warehouse with puddles on water on the floor and graffiti on the walls.

Decoded sentence: four little kids in a cute cute outfits.
Answer sentence: four little kids in cute outfits sitting down.

Decoded sentence: four four women sitting around laughing and laughing.
Answer sentence: four laughing women sitting around a dining table.

Decoded sentence: three kids and a yellow and one wearing a red shirt and rollerblades.
Answer sentence: four kids, one wearing a red shirt and three wearing yellow, rollerblade through a square.

Decoded sentence: four individuals are jumping atop the snowy mountains to the mountain dons by the mountains.
Answer sentence: four individuals donning snowshoes jump simultaneously to post for a picture atop a snowy mountain.

Decoded sentence: three guys are wearing short tank and four girls and a tank shirt and the girl is wearing.
Answer sentence: four guys and one girl three guys are wearing short-sleeve shirt and the girl and the other guy is wearing tanks.

Decoded sentence: the four girls are posing in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: four girls pose in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: four girls in a kitchen near a brownies brownies.
Answer sentence: four girls in a kitchen near a plate of brownies.

Decoded sentence: four girls are eating breakfast at a convention.
Answer sentence: four girls eat breakfast at a convention.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting in the grass while four men are standing near him.
Answer sentence: four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them.

Decoded sentence: four girls are jumping up on the sand outside of a four girls jumping sand on the sand.
Answer sentence: four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.

Decoded sentence: four females are standing in front of a female four black backdrop while a female backdrop.
Answer sentence: four females stand on the tip of their toes while practicing ballet in front of a black backdrop.

Decoded sentence: two teens consisting on a grassy field consisting of a female in blue shorts and a white.
Answer sentence: four female teens are shown playing soccer on a grassy field on an overcast day, two of them in uniforms consisting of red-and-white vertically-striped jerseys and blue shorts.

Decoded sentence: two children play in a lawn with four children and a girl on the background and the girl.
Answer sentence: four elementary-aged children, two boys and two girls, play on a green lawn with a tree and a building in the background.

Decoded sentence: four elderly women sitting on a park bench speaking.
Answer sentence: four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.

Decoded sentence: four four bike riders are riding on a dirt road.
Answer sentence: four dirt bike riders are riding on a dirt road.

Decoded sentence: the whiskey trots through the middle of the table with four whiskey trot to the rodeo and.
Answer sentence: four cowboys are sitting at a table with a bottle of whiskey in the middle of a rodeo, while a man on a horse trots by behind them.

Decoded sentence: two college college male and four males sitting on a concrete brick building outside.
Answer sentence: four college-aged individuals- two males and two females- sitting on the concrete steps outside of a brick building

Decoded sentence: four children on a trampoline in a snow covered area.
Answer sentence: four children on a trampoline, in a snow covered area.

Decoded sentence: four children are looking down the booklets 's booklet.
Answer sentence: four children looking through rolled up booklets.

Decoded sentence: the four children in the uniform are standing in front of a palm tree.
Answer sentence: four children in uniforms stand in front of palm trees.

Decoded sentence: the four children are laying in the kitchen and reading ingredients on a table.
Answer sentence: four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table.

Decoded sentence: four children play on the sand for a hill.
Answer sentence: four children are playing on a hill of sand.

Decoded sentence: the four children are in front of a kitchen with four ingredients on it and a recipe and.
Answer sentence: four children are in an industrial kitchen looking at a recipe with the ingredients on the table in front of them.

Decoded sentence: a four children are having a pillow fight.
Answer sentence: four children are having a pillow fight.

Decoded sentence: casually dressed casually casually jumping outdoors with their casually 's casually down.
Answer sentence: four casually dressed guys jumping down a stairway outdoors with a stone wall behind them.

Decoded sentence: four boys are going on a park at a park.
Answer sentence: four boys play on a merry-go-round at a park.

Decoded sentence: four boys are sitting in a chair and four boys with pink chairs painted heads.
Answer sentence: four boys are surrounding a person sitting in a chair and splashing their head with pink paint.

Decoded sentence: four bystanders men are sitting on a bench near a black cart with four bystanders bystanders.
Answer sentence: four black men are sitting on a bench near a food cart run by a man with bystanders.

Decoded sentence: lime lime lime green shoes and a lime green top shows a lime green outfit and a lime green.
Answer sentence: foreign folk dancers are dressed in outfits of bright lime green, red and white tops, lime green headbands and red, blousy trousers and open-toed specialty shoes while dancing in a city street, while spectators enjoy the show.

Decoded sentence: defensive player wearing helmet standing to move a whistle while wearing a helmet and a.
Answer sentence: football players wearing helmets practice defensive moves while their coach stands by ready to blow his whistle.

Decoded sentence: the football player is engaged in a football.
Answer sentence: football players engaged in a tackle.

Decoded sentence: a donations worker dons a dock filled with a black hat and black donations reaching to.
Answer sentence: food donations for the community food bank fill a truck as a worker donning a black hat reaches the loading dock.

Decoded sentence: commuters perform for a walkway in a underground walkway.
Answer sentence: flute player performs for commuters in an underground walkway.

Decoded sentence: snowmobile rider in black and white pants and five goggles in front of a snowy line of.
Answer sentence: five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat, white coat, red coat, blue coat, and black coat.

Decoded sentence: two people are wearing identical white shirts and white applauding while applauding on.
Answer sentence: five people, the two on the left wearing identical white shirts, are applauding something.

Decoded sentence: a snowmobile wearing a winter jacket is standing in the snow with a snowmobile in the background.
Answer sentence: five people wearing winter jackets and helmets stand in the snow, with snowmobiles in the background.

Decoded sentence: people stand on a bridge in the brown shirt and one man is pointing out the brown and the.
Answer sentence: five people stand on a bridge while one of the people, a balding man in a brown shirt and jeans, points away from the bridge.

Decoded sentence: people are five out of a chinese letter in front of a tiger letter.
Answer sentence: five people stair up at a tiger that is in front of chinese letters.

Decoded sentence: five people are raising their sailing.
Answer sentence: five people raising a sail

Decoded sentence: five people playing string instruments in a public.
Answer sentence: five people playing string instruments in public.

Decoded sentence: a snack game on a table filled with people sitting in the corner of a table with five people.
Answer sentence: five people playing a board game on a table filled with snacks and candles sitting in a corner of a room with book shelves behind them.

Decoded sentence: a five people of different ages are sitting at a table playing different board.
Answer sentence: five people of different ages are sitting at the table playing a board game.

Decoded sentence: five people sit inside a building.
Answer sentence: five people are sitting inside a building.

Decoded sentence: five people dressed in black coats leaning on a building with fur and black coats.
Answer sentence: five people are dressed in black fur coats with blond wigs leaning on a building.

Decoded sentence: four men and four men and four men are practicing music in a living room.
Answer sentence: five musicians, a man and four women, practicing sheet music ( using flutes ) in a living room.

Decoded sentence: uniformly dressed in black and white slacks and black slacks are conversing at a man in.
Answer sentence: five men, uniformly dressed in white shirts, tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a white shirt and a white shirt standing up on the picture of a man wearing.
Answer sentence: five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black and black shorts is starting leaves with a man in a black track.
Answer sentence: five men wearing black shorts are leaving the starting blocks in a track competition with few spectators.

Decoded sentence: five men in black tank tops and black shorts with five men in black tops playing basketball.
Answer sentence: five men playing a competitive game of basketball with the man in the black tank top and black shorts in possession of the ball.

Decoded sentence: five men on a ladder cleaning a man outside a building.
Answer sentence: five men on ladders cleaning the outside of a building.

Decoded sentence: inspired people in a asian garb and five asian men wrapped in a background are conversing.
Answer sentence: five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman dressed in black and five men in black coats are holding up a glass of five men.
Answer sentence: five men dressed as women in black fur coats and glasses, outside of a store on the street, all holding purses in their hands.

Decoded sentence: five men differing differing on scaffolding next to a building.
Answer sentence: five men at differing heights on scaffolding next to a building.

Decoded sentence: the man is riding in a mini colored uniform and wearing a variety of a variety of five.
Answer sentence: five men are riding in mini-race cars, wearing helmets and racing uniforms in a variety of colors.

Decoded sentence: five little kids are taking a ride in a park type of five.
Answer sentence: five little kids are taking a ride in some type of amusement park.

Decoded sentence: the hiker is walking through the camera and one is five of his face while one walks along.
Answer sentence: five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.

Decoded sentence: two boys sit on a stage in front of a green banner with america behind them.
Answer sentence: five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a boy scouts of america banner.

Decoded sentence: three children are sitting around a roundabout five of them are pulling a roundabout on.
Answer sentence: five children spin around on a playground roundabout ; three lay on their backs, while one attempts to pull himself up with both arms, and another holds onto the side while sitting up.

Decoded sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps located outside.
Answer sentence: five children sitting on a set of steps that are located outside.

Decoded sentence: bungalow children in different bungalow look outside a bungalow.
Answer sentence: five children outside a bungalow looking in different directions.

Decoded sentence: five men shaving coats and wearing black coats are working in the laboratory while a man.
Answer sentence: five black men wearing white coat and their heads shaved are working in a laboratory, looking under the microscope.

Decoded sentence: a ballet dancer five in mid jump in mid jump through a studio with a window.
Answer sentence: five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window.

Decoded sentence: five adults sitting at a picnic table outside in a backyard and five adults.
Answer sentence: five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard.

Decoded sentence: five asian friends pose for a picture.
Answer sentence: five asian friends posing together for a picture.

Decoded sentence: doctor in scrubs and green mask having mask over a operation in a hospital and five hospital.
Answer sentence: five asian doctors in green hospital scrubs and masks having a discussion over what appears to be an ongoing operation.

Decoded sentence: the fisherman on the beach is organizing the net.
Answer sentence: fishermen on the beach organize their nets.

Decoded sentence: responders responders looking at a snowbank from a snowbank to look out.
Answer sentence: first responders look at car that has slid off a snowbank and flipped over.

Decoded sentence: respond to relax and emergency emergency.
Answer sentence: firefighters relax after responding to an emergency.

Decoded sentence: a female wearing a white shirt and pink shorts is busy female wearing a pink motorcycle.
Answer sentence: female wearing a pink helmet, white shirt and white gym shorts, parking her motorcycle along side a busy sidewalk cafe.

Decoded sentence: the female dog is gathered outside in a fenced area.
Answer sentence: female friends gather their dogs outside in a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: a female brown jean shorts is wearing a blue tank top and a brown top in a stadium.
Answer sentence: female football fan wearing brown tank top and blue jean shorts attends a football game in a stadium.

Decoded sentence: the martial martial belt and 3 children on the gray mat and the female including a female.
Answer sentence: female black belt martial artists performs outside on a gray day with weapon on a mat while spectators and other martial artists including 3 children look on.

Decoded sentence: a father is pushing a son on the track.
Answer sentence: father is pushing his son on the track.

Decoded sentence: the father in the dark shirt and white pants is sharing a moment of the father on the doorway.
Answer sentence: father in white shirt and khaki shorts tenderly kisses his son, seen wearing a dark red shirt and denim pants, on the head as they share a quiet moment while sitting in the doorway of a van.

Decoded sentence: fans watch a basketball game at a basketball game.
Answer sentence: fans watching a basketball game indoors at a stadium.

Decoded sentence: two children run a path in winter and winter as the family takes the path of their run.
Answer sentence: family taking a winter walk in a park path while two of the children run ahead of the family.

Decoded sentence: the family on the beach looking at the beach and family.
Answer sentence: family on beach looking at the ocean after a wedding.

Decoded sentence: a factory workers completing a job.
Answer sentence: factory workers are steadily completing their jobs.

Decoded sentence: stepladders on a stepladders door stepladders a business of stepladders.
Answer sentence: employees on stepladders clean the glass doors of a business.

Decoded sentence: a employee in a pink shirt is smiling for the camera inside of a restaurant.
Answer sentence: employee in pink shirt smiles for camera inside a restaurant kitchen.

Decoded sentence: emergency police and police officers are at a scene of a accident accident to a scene.
Answer sentence: emergency medical crews, firefighters, and police officers at the scene of a car accident.

Decoded sentence: the denim woman in the denim shirt is walking along a trail in a forest while a man eleven.
Answer sentence: eleven men and women in cotton shirts and denim pants walk uphill along a shaded forest trail.

Decoded sentence: the eleven of a child wearing a coat and a child jumping in the air with a cloudy colored.
Answer sentence: eleven children wearing coats of all colors are jumping in the air with mountains and a cloudy sky in the background.

Decoded sentence: elderly woman in a trench coat and brown coat is sitting at a table in a trench trench.
Answer sentence: elderly gentleman in brown trench-coat and woman in orange-brown fur coat sitting at table, woman has her back to camera.

Decoded sentence: three young people are sitting in a circle at a slight slight incline in the background.
Answer sentence: eight young people are sitting in a rough circle in the grass at the bottom of a slight incline with three trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: three people mingle and consisting of a man on stage as they mingle on a stage consisting.
Answer sentence: eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar, banjo, and accordion play on a stage.

Decoded sentence: eight football players are in mid defense to take down a football.
Answer sentence: eight football players are in mid-play as the defense takes down the offense.

Decoded sentence: a great earth is making a great time out the sky and a great earth of a great spot and.
Answer sentence: earth, water and sky make this a great spot a time out.

Decoded sentence: a guest of happy is attending a guest.
Answer sentence: during the election party not all the guest attending are happy.

Decoded sentence: a student kicks through a wooden height as a student holds a wooden face.
Answer sentence: during karate practice, one student kicks through a wooden plank while another individual holds it at face-height.

Decoded sentence: the clear blue biker appears to be safely safely and he appears to be safely it.
Answer sentence: during a race, the blue biker cleared a jump safely, while another biker appears to not be doing as well as the biker jumping.

Decoded sentence: people holding flags and gay flags around a rainbow pride in a rainbow parade.
Answer sentence: during a gay pride parade in an asian city, some people hold up rainbow flags to show support.

Decoded sentence: a view view of a man with a orange helmet climbing a rock.
Answer sentence: downward view of a man with an orange helmet climbing a rock.

Decoded sentence: dour players and a dour baseball player in the field.
Answer sentence: dour baseball players in a field, one is touching the ball to the ground and one is sliding past a base.

Decoded sentence: a dog fighting in the grass over a toy.
Answer sentence: dogs fight in grass over toy.

Decoded sentence: a dog pulls a sled across the snow.
Answer sentence: dogs are pulling a sled across the snow.

Decoded sentence: a dog with big collar running.
Answer sentence: dog with big collar running.

Decoded sentence: the dog is running in the grassy field of a grassy field.
Answer sentence: dog running after another dog in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a dog kicks up dirt.
Answer sentence: dog kicking up dirt

Decoded sentence: a dog jumping out to catch a fallen snow in a wooded.
Answer sentence: dog jumping to catch falling snow out in the woods.

Decoded sentence: the dog is digging in the sand.
Answer sentence: dog digs in sand

Decoded sentence: a rainy discussing a rainy weather.
Answer sentence: discussing the rainy weather.

Decoded sentence: people walk on a sidewalk in front of a different orange canopy.
Answer sentence: different people are walking on a sidewalk, in both directions, in front of an orange canopy.

Decoded sentence: policeman waiting for a grievances as a police police policeman is waiting to hear the.
Answer sentence: demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality.

Decoded sentence: a nightclub with chairs.
Answer sentence: dark nightclub with chairs.

Decoded sentence: illuminate dancers of a white hue with a hue perform on stage and it is performing.
Answer sentence: dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them.

Decoded sentence: a cyclist awaiting the starting of his race.
Answer sentence: cyclists await the start of a race.

Decoded sentence: forty forty forty through a forty forty.
Answer sentence: cyclist number forty-eight treks through the mud.

Decoded sentence: the cute little kids are getting married by married.
Answer sentence: cute little kids pretending to get married.

Decoded sentence: representative sit in front of a computer with customers and representatives talking at.
Answer sentence: customers stand in front of and talk with representatives sitting at desks with computers.

Decoded sentence: the takeout is takeout at the takeout of the window.
Answer sentence: customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.

Decoded sentence: a cubs cubs having a paper bag on the head and having a paper cubs.
Answer sentence: cubs fans have paper bags on their heads that spell out `` cubs. ''

Decoded sentence: the crowd is walking along the street.
Answer sentence: crowds walk along the street.

Decoded sentence: people of a big multicolored tent walking up and putting up in the city loom in the distance.
Answer sentence: crowds of people are walking are multicolored tents and flags that are put up outside in a cement lot as a big city looms in the distance.

Decoded sentence: a sledgehammer woman in a red shirt and a woman with a red shirt going on the cinder of.
Answer sentence: crowd watches as a woman in red shirt goes to break a cinder block with a sledgehammer on a man 's chest.

Decoded sentence: a crowd standing outside a metro area.
Answer sentence: crowd standing outside a metro area.

Decoded sentence: people of a crowd shop up on a paved street lined by a shop.
Answer sentence: crowd of people walk around on a brick paved shop lined street.

Decoded sentence: people in a race setting in the urban setting of a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: crowd of people in race for a cure in urban setting.

Decoded sentence: the man in the foreground is holding a purple and purple bicycle overlooking a crowd of.
Answer sentence: crowd in an asian city surrounding a man, in the foreground a woman holding a purple bicycle overlooking the scene.

Decoded sentence: a craftsman is working with a craftsman gun with wood.
Answer sentence: craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun.

Decoded sentence: a couple of men and a woman with a wedding apparel stand along a shoreline while a man.
Answer sentence: couple, man and woman, with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline.

Decoded sentence: a couple of a couple sitting on a subway lined next to a subway.
Answer sentence: couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other.

Decoded sentence: a girl playing with a crowd in a crowd.
Answer sentence: costumed girl playing with a hula-hoop in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a guy deciding to the back of a guy in a park.
Answer sentence: cool guy decides to do a back flip in a park.

Decoded sentence: people working on a highway and looking at night.
Answer sentence: construction workers working on a highway at night as people look to see what they are doing.

Decoded sentence: the construction worker is working on a road on night.
Answer sentence: construction workers work on a road into the night.

Decoded sentence: the construction worker is standing near the construction at night.
Answer sentence: construction workers stand near tracks at night.

Decoded sentence: the construction workers lay a hallway in the hallway.
Answer sentence: construction workers laying wall tile in a hallway.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker in a red jacket and a red jacket standing by a gate in a gate.
Answer sentence: construction workers in yellow jackets and red pants standing by a gate.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker is drilling through a wooded wooded.
Answer sentence: construction workers drilling through a plank of wood.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker carrying a piece of equipment.
Answer sentence: construction workers are working together to carry a piece of equipment.

Decoded sentence: excavation workers gather at a street site construction workers over a construction site.
Answer sentence: construction workers are gathered at a construction site along a city street during an excavation.

Decoded sentence: a construction worker welding on a high beam.
Answer sentence: construction worker, welding on high beam.

Decoded sentence: the construction worker in neon yellow hard hats and neon yellow vests are working on stairs.
Answer sentence: construction worker in a hard hat and yellow neon vest, working on stairs.

Decoded sentence: the person in the middle is standing along the middle of the trolley figure trying to confused.
Answer sentence: confused person standing in the middle of the trolley tracks trying to figure out the signs.

Decoded sentence: the confetti are in the air.
Answer sentence: confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration.

Decoded sentence: executive competing to get the grand event in the grand ready to compete of the grand event.
Answer sentence: competitors getting ready to compete in a grand opening event hosted by the chief executive

Decoded sentence: a closeup of a old oversized with a gray and gold sun and a gold face oversized oversized.
Answer sentence: closeup of the side of an old woman 's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.

Decoded sentence: a man with a light glass ceiling in a dimly lit room with a man in a light room gum for.
Answer sentence: closeup of man with glasses blowing a bubble gum bubble in a dimly lit room with a faint ceiling light in the background.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian boy with a red jacket and a young boy on the index of a brown index monarch.
Answer sentence: closeup of a young caucasian boy with brown eyes, and in a red fleece zip-up jacket, holding up a monarch butterfly on his index finger.

Decoded sentence: a climber on a rock using a rope formation.
Answer sentence: climber on rock formation using ropes.

Decoded sentence: a gray worker wearing a gray shirt and a gray pants and green pants picking up branches.
Answer sentence: city workers, both wearing gray pants and green shirts, are trimming tree branches and picking up the debris.

Decoded sentence: maintenance workers doing maintenance on a city track.
Answer sentence: city workers are doing maintenance on a train track.

Decoded sentence: reminder enjoy a snowy day with the summer day in the background.
Answer sentence: citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background.

Decoded sentence: a super car is traveling with a mall such around a new mall such as a new idea car and.
Answer sentence: cities need to be replaced with a new idea such as a super sized mall type building with no need for travel or cars.

Decoded sentence: a child sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake.
Answer sentence: children sitting in a canoe on a quiet lake.

Decoded sentence: a child riding a balloon in a park balloon.
Answer sentence: children ride a balloon ride in an amusement park.

Decoded sentence: the children are posing in a tree.
Answer sentence: children posing in a tree

Decoded sentence: a child playing soccer on a field while playing soccer.
Answer sentence: children playing soccer on a field while parents watch.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on the beach.
Answer sentence: children playing on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a child playing on a playground slide down a playground.
Answer sentence: children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.

Decoded sentence: a child playing in front of a hartman sign that plays sign.
Answer sentence: children playing in front of a sign for the `` hartman prehistoric garden ''.

Decoded sentence: a child playing checkers.
Answer sentence: children playing checkers.

Decoded sentence: a fountain playing in a water fountain.
Answer sentence: children play in a water fountain.

Decoded sentence: the child is participating in a game of war.
Answer sentence: children participate in a game of tug-of-war.

Decoded sentence: a child in a classroom is lined up with a child on a back of train form others form.
Answer sentence: children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other 's backs, forming a train.

Decoded sentence: the children are walking and holding colorful flags and colorful flags.
Answer sentence: children holding a rainbow flag and colorful balloons are walking together with an adult leading them.

Decoded sentence: a child enjoying a ride on a amusement park ride.
Answer sentence: children enjoying themselves on an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: abundance captures a child 's coming from a moment of abundance nearby.
Answer sentence: children enjoy an abundance of bubbles coming from a nearby fountain while someone captures the moment.

Decoded sentence: a child climbs a huge tree.
Answer sentence: children climbing huge tree.

Decoded sentence: the children are learning about their firetrucks.
Answer sentence: children are learning about a firetruck.

Decoded sentence: a child digging in the sand at a playground featuring a child made to make a makeshift.
Answer sentence: children are climbing and digging in the sand at a makeshift playground, which features a structure made from tires.

Decoded sentence: a child is on a beautiful lake.
Answer sentence: children are canoeing on a beautiful lake.

Decoded sentence: recreation recreation sits on a recreation floor in a recreation painting.
Answer sentence: children and staff sit on the floor and paint in a recreation center.

Decoded sentence: brochure riding down a train looking at a brochure.
Answer sentence: child sitting down looking at train ride brochure

Decoded sentence: a child in a blue shirt and red log.
Answer sentence: child in red and blue shirt painting a log.

Decoded sentence: sushi of sushi prepare for a restaurant as a patrons.
Answer sentence: chefs prepare food for patrons of a sushi restaurant.

Decoded sentence: cheerleaders practicing their pyramid and routine.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are practicing pyramid routines.

Decoded sentence: the cheerleaders are on a field and cheering.
Answer sentence: cheerleaders are on the field cheering.

Decoded sentence: a cement truck with a yellow mixer in front of a cement mixer.
Answer sentence: cement truck with a yellow mixer parked in front of a building.

Decoded sentence: a caucasian couple with a light blue shirt and a white piece of frosting and blue silk.
Answer sentence: caucasian couple, both with red-hair, bride wearing a white wedding gown, groom wearing light blue shirt and silk blue tie, sharing a piece of white wedding cake with chocolate frosting.

Decoded sentence: the cargo ship is loading over the cargo ship.
Answer sentence: cargo is being loaded onto a ship.

Decoded sentence: a cure race survivors of a cure.
Answer sentence: cancer survivors race for a cure.

Decoded sentence: the vista in the orange and orange hat is standing atop the platform overlooking the wide.
Answer sentence: cameramen and other men in orange hard hats stand atop a platform overlooking the wide open vista.

Decoded sentence: aftermath aftermath a aftermath of a red accident that is watching a black accident.
Answer sentence: bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.

Decoded sentence: the street scene is busy traffic scene automobiles and automobiles the automobiles.
Answer sentence: busy city street scene displaying pedestrians and automobile traffic.

Decoded sentence: bum listening to radio beach near a light beach.
Answer sentence: bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach.

Decoded sentence: buddhist man with peacock peacock decorated in colorful office sitting at a desk decorated.
Answer sentence: buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather.

Decoded sentence: a brunette man in a white bikini pouring drinks into a cup of white cup.
Answer sentence: brunette woman in a white bikini pouring a drink into a man 's cup.

Decoded sentence: a brunette wearing a yellow bikini top and blue ink is draped across the back of the female.
Answer sentence: brunette female wearing yellow bikini top, has large tattoo inked across her lower back, and a blue towel draped across her right shoulder.

Decoded sentence: a brown dog with a brown collar licking his nose.
Answer sentence: brown dog with black collar licking nose.

Decoded sentence: a shadow running towards a camera while a long brown dog is running on the dirt while the.
Answer sentence: brown and white dog runs towards camera, casting long shadow on dirt.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed as acrobatics on acrobatics acrobatics doing.
Answer sentence: brightly dressed men doing acrobatics on a log.

Decoded sentence: brazil brazilian brazil plays guitar on the street as a brazilian brazilian plays in the.
Answer sentence: brazilian mime is playing the racket as a guitar for his solo performance on the streets of brazil in this picture.

Decoded sentence: a boy wearing jeans and a black sweatshirt stands on the sidewalk while a boy wearing a.
Answer sentence: boys wearing jeans and hooded sweatshirts stand on a sidewalk, and one of them is holding a black plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a boy are selling flowers and drinking items.
Answer sentence: boys are selling flowers, drinks, mugs, and other items on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: two mostly wearing helmets are riding on a skateboard while a mostly mostly wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: boys and men, mostly all wearing helmets, hang on to two separate cars while they ride skateboards.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a camping sergeant stands and drill at attention to a camping.
Answer sentence: boy 's camp drill sergeant with boys standing at attention.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a floaties with a floaties on his feet in the sand.
Answer sentence: boy with floaties with his feet in the sand on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a boy with a headscarf and a boat with a headscarf in her eyes.
Answer sentence: boy with eye patch and headscarf, boats in background.

Decoded sentence: a boy with dark dark skin stands on a wooden boat with a wooden skin spread spread at the.
Answer sentence: boy with dark skin, standing on his head with legs spread, at the end of a floating wooden boat.

Decoded sentence: a boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.
Answer sentence: boy in sunglasses walking in the ocean.

Decoded sentence: the boy in the striped shirt is looking at the peaceful lake.
Answer sentence: boy in striped shirt looks at peaceful lake.

Decoded sentence: the boy in reflective shorts is facing the water in shallow water.
Answer sentence: boy in shorts, face down in shallow, reflective water.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a red and white vest and a white vest on a wakeboard.
Answer sentence: boy in red vest and blue and white trunks on wakeboard.

Decoded sentence: planked in a white sweater with a planked on a white floor standing in a body of water.
Answer sentence: boy in green sweater with white stripe on sleeve standing on wood planked floor with body of water in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a brown shirt on a brown boy with headphones on her shoulder sitting in a crowd.
Answer sentence: boy in brown shirt with headphones on sits on woman 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a black shorts sliding with a tree covered in a black surface with a tree on the.
Answer sentence: boy in black shorts sliding on black surface covered with water with green trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: a boy and a girl running along the beach.
Answer sentence: boy and girl running along the beach.

Decoded sentence: the collie collie tennis ball in the air is jumping for the ball to catch.
Answer sentence: border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.

Decoded sentence: bolted holding a sign on the bolts.
Answer sentence: bolts hold the sign on the pole.

Decoded sentence: a rocky biker is descending the picture of the rocky trail.
Answer sentence: blurry picture of mountain biker descending rocky trail.

Decoded sentence: a couple posing for a picture.
Answer sentence: blond-haired couple posing for picture.

Decoded sentence: blanked woman in a green dress sitting on a wooden walkway with a green and white blanked.
Answer sentence: blond women in a white dress sitting on a wooden blanked walkway with a green lined background.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman smokes a cigarette to a shopping bag.
Answer sentence: blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman sitting on a bench reading a magazine in a city.
Answer sentence: blond woman sitting on city bench reading a magazine in the shade.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman holding a bicycle carriage with a red carriage and a woman in a red carriage.
Answer sentence: blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back.

Decoded sentence: two women with white shirts and red button up up in front of a man wearing headphones and.
Answer sentence: blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women, one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones.

Decoded sentence: young girl with gray shirt and black boas dancing in a crowd of people.
Answer sentence: blond girl with a white and black feather boa and gray t-shirt dancing in crowd of young people.

Decoded sentence: a blond girl in a yellow uniform standing in front of a large art door carrying a large.
Answer sentence: blond girl in a yellow-belt martial arts uniform standing in front of a door and carrying a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: a blond child with a black and black hat and a large black coat standing in front of a.
Answer sentence: blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: professional caucasian male in a black shirt and a caucasian male holding a cargo camera.
Answer sentence: blond caucasian male in black t-shirt and cargo shorts, holding a professional digital camera, taking pictures.

Decoded sentence: a blond boy with a blue shirt is wiping his face.
Answer sentence: blond boy wiping his face with his blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: a man and a choir sing with a nice match in the piano near a nice choir.
Answer sentence: black man in a nice suite that matches the rest of the choir he 's singing with near a piano.

Decoded sentence: a black dog standing in a pile of grass with a black dog jumping on the grass behind a.
Answer sentence: black dog jumping in the air with white dog standing on grass behind near pile of rocks.

Decoded sentence: a black and white dog walking through a water wearing a white.
Answer sentence: black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water.

Decoded sentence: a sunflowers and white bird standing on a white sunflowers holding a seeds.
Answer sentence: black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds

Decoded sentence: a view of a city worker walking a street view on a city street.
Answer sentence: bird 's eye view of a city worker walking on the street.

Decoded sentence: a biker race through the forest.
Answer sentence: bikers race through a forest.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclist waiting at a intersection.
Answer sentence: bicyclists waiting at an intersection.

Decoded sentence: a bicyclist riding on a grass wearing a red and yellow uniform and a yellow helmet riding.
Answer sentence: bicyclist riding on a grass field, wearing a red and yellow uniform, shades, and a helmet.

Decoded sentence: the sun is a hot sun and the skin are causing the hot sun.
Answer sentence: being exposed to hot sun like this can cause skin cancer.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black shirt and a black shirt is sliding down a railing in a park.
Answer sentence: before onlookers in a park, a man in a black shirt and rollerblades slides backward down a railing.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful landscape treading with people people at the snow.
Answer sentence: beautiful snowy landscape with people treading through the snow.

Decoded sentence: scarlet brunette woman in blue and blue scarlet while draped while draped draped.
Answer sentence: beautiful brunette woman, draped in purple, blue and a scarlet scarves.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing sunglasses and a leather jacket is standing by a preserver preserver of a.
Answer sentence: bearded man wearing sunglasses, hat and leather jacket standing by an orange life preserver.

Decoded sentence: a man with a beard and a beard playing a game with a soldier painted his dicing a soldier.
Answer sentence: bearded man playing a game with toy soldiers, tanks and a dice with a soldier and a bomb painted on it.

Decoded sentence: writer writer looking at a beach goers in a heart sky.
Answer sentence: beach goers look at a heart left in the sky by a sky writer.

Decoded sentence: a player in a stadium with a stadium and a audience about to score a slam dunk with his.
Answer sentence: basketball players in a stadium with the audience behind them, one player is about to slam dunk and score.

Decoded sentence: cabrera melky wearing baseball jerseys and a baseball team are standing on the round home.
Answer sentence: baseball player melky cabrera wearing number 53 jersey standing behind home plate looks on as his team rounds home behind the catcher.

Decoded sentence: the catcher team is trying to tag out the opposite home from the opposite team 's team.
Answer sentence: baseball catcher trying to tag out a player from the opposite team that is sliding into home base.

Decoded sentence: barefoot woman on stage wearing similar cultural outfit.
Answer sentence: barefoot women on a stage wearing similar cultural outfits dancing.

Decoded sentence: the barefoot man in the black shirt is wearing black and black mask and walking in the.
Answer sentence: barefoot men wearing black masks and no shirts are walking in a procession.

Decoded sentence: a band performing at a concert with a tent and a audience in the background.
Answer sentence: band students performing at an outdoor concert, with tents and audience in the background.

Decoded sentence: a small band playing in front of a crowd outside.
Answer sentence: band playing in front of a small crowd outside.

Decoded sentence: visitors perform music in a band center.
Answer sentence: band performing music in a visitors information center.

Decoded sentence: a man asleep on a rail with a beard and a beard and a bald beard asleep next to a set of.
Answer sentence: balding man with a beard who has fallen asleep leaning on another man next to him, against the rails of a set of stairs.

Decoded sentence: a bald man wearing glasses is reading a glass while four men are reading.
Answer sentence: bald woman wearing glasses reads to four men and one woman.

Decoded sentence: two friends look like they are gardening or green garden and two of them are jumping up.
Answer sentence: backyard jump pose that looks ninja like as two friends pretend to fight among green garden set ups.

Decoded sentence: a boy in a brown jacket is walking to the baby crying while a brown jacket.
Answer sentence: baby in brown jacket, crying and walking to a boy, by orange car.

Decoded sentence: bmxer in a forest with motion on the forest and blurred background.
Answer sentence: bmxer in the air with motion blur on the forest background.

Decoded sentence: a backdrop with a stage at stage and a audience.
Answer sentence: audience at an event with the stage lights as the backdrop.

Decoded sentence: the attractive girl is holding a roller derby bag as he fix a roller derby bag while the.
Answer sentence: attractive woman, roller derby team `` roller girls '' stares, while fixing her shirt and holding a bag.

Decoded sentence: a athlete wearing number preparing to enter the number of a event.
Answer sentence: athletes who are wearing numbered outfits are preparing to enter the water for a sporting event.

Decoded sentence: a woman is waiting for a intersection at a intersection of a vehicle on a street corner.
Answer sentence: at the corner of an intersection, a black vehicle waits as a woman in black holding a bag is crossing the street.

Decoded sentence: a man and a woman are laying on the beach reading at a beach.
Answer sentence: at the beach, a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes.

Decoded sentence: the fat baker rubs sleeps rubs out of the old baker as he rubs his eyes.
Answer sentence: at the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him.

Decoded sentence: a man sharing a circle of a circle in a large circle while a man appears to be sharing.
Answer sentence: at some sort of large gathering, a group of men who appear to be chefs stand in a circle sharing some kind of food.

Decoded sentence: two men in glasses are crouching near a man at night.
Answer sentence: at night, two men in glasses crouch near some plants.

Decoded sentence: the man is speaking into the megaphone while holding a megaphone.
Answer sentence: at an outdoor event, one man is speaking into a megaphone while another man is holding the megaphone.

Decoded sentence: texas texas a texas smoking a texas smoking a meat.
Answer sentence: at a street festival, a boy and a man cook some sort of `` texas smoked '' meat while pedestrians pass by.

Decoded sentence: a man dressed in black pants and a white hat is playing a concert with a concert in his.
Answer sentence: at a rock concert a man dressed in black and white pants and a checked hat plays his red guitar while another man sings.

Decoded sentence: two men in navy uniforms and white naval stand at a yard naval while a man stands naval.
Answer sentence: at a naval yard, a man in a white navy officer 's uniform is standing by two older men having a discussion.

Decoded sentence: the man in the white uniform is doing a stunt at a martial arts demonstration while one.
Answer sentence: at a martial arts demonstration, a few men in white uniforms stand atop one another, doing stunts.

Decoded sentence: consult various consult various laptops and long laptops at a conference table in various.
Answer sentence: at a long conference table in an office, various professionals consult their papers and laptops.

Decoded sentence: immediate people mill at a crowded outdoor event in a foreground and four girls mill about.
Answer sentence: at a crowded outdoor event, many people are milling about, with four girls playing jump-rope in the immediate foreground.

Decoded sentence: cabanas relax on a dining match in a turquoise match with palm trees and a beachgoers of.
Answer sentence: at a beachfront cafe, where the leaves of palm trees are blown by a gentle breeze, tourists dine under turquoise and white shade umbrellas which match the colors of the sky and the sea beyond them, while in the distance, beachgoers relax beneath blue cabanas and umbrellas on the sand.

Decoded sentence: a girl raises her arm through base as a girl raises her arm into the base.
Answer sentence: at a baseball game, one girl slides through dirt into a base while the other raises her arms.

Decoded sentence: a little candy at a halloween candy waiting at halloween to halloween.
Answer sentence: at halloween, this little spiderman waits to get some candy.

Decoded sentence: pastel asian woman in various dress using various form of shields using a form of sun.
Answer sentence: asian women in various forms of dress use pastel umbrellas to shield themselves from the sun.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman in a white shirt standing behind a crowd from a crowd.
Answer sentence: asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her.

Decoded sentence: the asian child is listening to school poses on a field of a speech to school children.
Answer sentence: asian school children are on a field trip listening to a speech, except for one girl who is posing for the camera.

Decoded sentence: a asian people walking to work through a town.
Answer sentence: asian people walking to work through town.

Decoded sentence: the asian people are sitting on the flight of a flight of food and they wait to serve it.
Answer sentence: asian people sitting on an airplane waiting as the flight attendants is serving them food.

Decoded sentence: a asian man is sweeping the walkway.
Answer sentence: asian man sweeping the walkway.

Decoded sentence: shimp man prepares to shimp with a shopping court at a diner in a mall court.
Answer sentence: asian man is preparing breaded shimp with diners visible at a counter behind him, at a food court in a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in the blue shirt is working with a machine.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue shirt works with a machine

Decoded sentence: a man in a blue and blue robe dancing in front of a man in a blue robe.
Answer sentence: asian man in blue asian robe dancing in front of asian musicians in blue.

Decoded sentence: a blond asian man and woman holding a hand outdoors in a background.
Answer sentence: asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.

Decoded sentence: emo asian boy emo emo on a river through a hips.
Answer sentence: asian emo boy rests hands on hips beside a river.

Decoded sentence: people in bright asian city scene with each of them and light glass of them.
Answer sentence: asian city scene of people in street with bright lights and glass buildings behind.

Decoded sentence: a vast child dressed in black and yellow and yellow knee pads pads outdoors along a vast.
Answer sentence: asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile.

Decoded sentence: the large brown and white dog is playing with a large brown way to the smaller dog is looking.
Answer sentence: as the brown dog looks the other way, a large black and white dog plays with a smaller black dog.

Decoded sentence: the dancer is practicing his jig as others wait to public buildings and the public jig.
Answer sentence: as others wait outside the public building for the doors to open, one young irish dancer practices her jig.

Decoded sentence: army person squatting in the rain.
Answer sentence: army person squatting in the rain.

Decoded sentence: the man in the gray sweatshirt is riding a horse.
Answer sentence: another man in a gray sweatshirt also rides a horse.

Decoded sentence: eerie photo of a female with a female looking through a narrow tunnel and a female tunnel.
Answer sentence: and eerie photo depicting a female from behind as she walks through what looks like a narrow and poorly lit concrete tunnel with a rounded ceiling.

Decoded sentence: two interrupts men from a nice team and a white team are going on a very soccer game of.
Answer sentence: an very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride.

Decoded sentence: a child upside under a trampoline.
Answer sentence: an upside-down child above a trampoline.

Decoded sentence: unshaven man with serious unshaven stands in front of a serious meter on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: an unshaven man with a serious look is standing in front of a parking meter on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a beautiful photo swims towards the camera underneath a large white photo with a beautiful.
Answer sentence: an underwater photographer swims under the beautiful sea, yet above the white sand in the clear water with a large camera as she takes photo 's from underneath the water.

Decoded sentence: a surfer over a wave.
Answer sentence: an surfer airborne over a wave.

Decoded sentence: three women wearing orange gloves and denim gloves are juggling outdoors with a house and.
Answer sentence: an overweight woman wearing a red scarf, denim jacket, gloves and sunglasses is juggling three oranges outdoors with a house in the background.

Decoded sentence: lighter overweight man wearing a gray shirt and glasses stands in the foreground while.
Answer sentence: an overweight white man wearing a gray tee-shirt and lighter gray shorts is standing in the foreground of a classroom while another white man wearing glasses sits in a chair looking at him.

Decoded sentence: a overweight man and a woman listening to thinner a book on a cloudy day while listening.
Answer sentence: an overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day.

Decoded sentence: there are a elderly man in a gray shirt with a echo and a man on a gray shirt and a woman.
Answer sentence: an overweight elderly woman is waiting in line behind a man with a shaved head with a gray shirt and black pants and there is a man looking through a newspaper on a stand that says echo in the background.

Decoded sentence: oriental woman with black moped and black moped around a moped in the air while people.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman with her fist raised in the air, other oriental people around her, and a black moped beside her.

Decoded sentence: a oriental woman smiling for a tray of her colorful fruits and a oriental woman in a colorful.
Answer sentence: an oriental woman is handling a tray of fruit and smiling while surrounded by an array of similar trays of fruit in a colorful display.

Decoded sentence: oriental man with a green jacket is wearing a green jacket with her pockets.
Answer sentence: an oriental man was wearing a jacket with many pockets, along with his green sandals.

Decoded sentence: oriental oriental girl in pink pants sitting on a stool eating a box of a box.
Answer sentence: an oriental looking girl in pink pants, sitting on a little stool, eating out of a takeout box.

Decoded sentence: a orchestra of a orchestra and a green orchestra appear to be practicing on stage full.
Answer sentence: an orchestra of about 30 people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs.

Decoded sentence: a man playing a cello made of forefront and a forefront made up to the forefront.
Answer sentence: an orchestra made up of individuals of asian descent, with a man playing the cello forefront.

Decoded sentence: operator in a hard hat and gold hard hat hunched on large equipment along a large piece.
Answer sentence: an operator in a gold hard hat and orange vest sits hunched over on a large piece of john deere equipment.

Decoded sentence: the poor market and the poor place are running down the market in the air.
Answer sentence: an open air market in a poor and run down place.

Decoded sentence: a older woman wearing a white swimsuit holding a yellow swimsuit is standing with his swimsuit.
Answer sentence: an older, white woman stands along a crowded street wearing a swimsuit, holding a yellow sign with black letters that states, `` secure borders, legal immigration. ''

Decoded sentence: a older male and wearing a yellow vest climbing a roof off a roof of a yellow building.
Answer sentence: an older, male construction worker wearing a yellow vest climbing down from the roof of a building onto scaffolding.

Decoded sentence: a older woman with a red jacket and red jacket looking up at a park ride a waist ride.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a stroller and a red jacket wrapped around her waist looking at an amusement park ride.

Decoded sentence: the older woman with the silver ring and a silver ring is quietly sitting by the decorative.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a nose ring, silver necklace, and decorative scarf is quietly sitting.

Decoded sentence: a older woman with a green plaid plaid plaid cart is paying money from the wallet of a.
Answer sentence: an older woman with a green plaid shopping cart removes money from her wallet to pay another woman for her green, leave-like goods.

Decoded sentence: two women are talking on a pink and pink older woman.
Answer sentence: an older woman smiles on as two pink-haired women talk.

Decoded sentence: the older girl is dressed next to a small girl wearing a striped dress.
Answer sentence: an older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a younger girl and a younger child sitting by a reptilian animal.
Answer sentence: an older woman shows a younger male child a reptilian animal while a young girl sits in the background.

Decoded sentence: the older woman is running in the ground in a large race of people race by the ground and.
Answer sentence: an older woman is featured in the fore ground of a large race that a number of people are running in.

Decoded sentence: the older man in a white coat and beret with a tan beret and tan knit coat with a storefront.
Answer sentence: an older woman in a black coat and a white knit beret converses with an older man in a tan scooter hat and a green coat on the sidewalk near storefronts.

Decoded sentence: tribes woman in african dress holding hands as crack in right 's hand over her right hand.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in the garments of an african tribe has her right hand in a cracked brown pot and holds her left hand over another brown pot.

Decoded sentence: a older woman in a pink dress with a black fanny pack outside.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in pink with a black fanny pack is outside with some trees and an interesting architectural design next to her.

Decoded sentence: two women dressed in blue and yellow skirts and fitting fitting fitting skirts sit on a.
Answer sentence: an older woman dressed in an ill-fitting yellow shirt and blue plaid skirt is sitting on the ground next to two pails.

Decoded sentence: the older gentleman is examining a rifle in the home.
Answer sentence: an older smiling gentleman is examining a rifle in his home.

Decoded sentence: the bookstore person sitting on the bench next to a red and black bookstore with a bookstore.
Answer sentence: an older person is sitting on a red bench next to a black man with a children 's bookstore behind them both.

Decoded sentence: a older man with a white tank top is eating a dirty from a dirty.
Answer sentence: an older man, with a dirty white tank top, eating something from his hands.

Decoded sentence: a older man is working to a dock station and working.
Answer sentence: an older man works his station by the boat dock.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the gray hair is sitting in the chair making a large instrument of bamboo.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the gray hat and white knee knee knee is hunched over the head on the.
Answer sentence: an older man with gray hair and a white baseball hat is hunched over and his head is on his knees.

Decoded sentence: a older man with glasses raises his eyebrow in the surprise.
Answer sentence: an older man with glasses raises his eyebrows in surprise.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the yellow blouse is standing on stage and reading a yellow.
Answer sentence: an older man with a yellow blouse is reading something while he stands on stage.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the red beard and blue baseball cap is playing the stool on the stool.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard, wearing a blue shirt and blue baseball cap, is playing guitar to a small black girl sitting on a red stool.

Decoded sentence: mast man with a white beard and a large white beard stands on a sailboat in front of a.
Answer sentence: an older man with a white beard stands in front of a mast on a large sailboat, while holding a rope.

Decoded sentence: a younger man with a tan cap and a younger tan cap stands in front of a counter case display.
Answer sentence: an older man with a tan vest and backpack is standing in front of a butcher 's display case, ordering something from a younger man in a ball cap standing behind the counter.

Decoded sentence: yong man with short blue shirt and navy shirt and black shorts with short blue jeans and.
Answer sentence: an older man with a mustache wearing blue jeans, a black belt, red short-sleeve shirt and a hat is looking at a book by a yong boy wearing a navy shirt and hat who is probably taking a picture or looking through binoculars.

Decoded sentence: the homeless person in a gray and gray beard is sleeping on a public park with a homeless.
Answer sentence: an older man with a graying beard, possibly a homeless person, sleeps on the grass in front of an ancient tree in a public park.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the older man is standing next to the counter.
Answer sentence: an older man with a can is standing next to a counter.

Decoded sentence: cubed man with a lot of hay in a cardboard cubed uses hay in front of a cardboard lot of.
Answer sentence: an older man with a beard uses a hay broom to sweep the ground in front of cubed cardboard trash in a parking lot.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing shorts and a baby walking by a man in front of a stroller.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing shorts and t-shirt pushes a baby stroller as he walks in front of two women wearing hats.

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing a white shirt and glasses is playing a tuba outside a building with.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing glasses, a baseball cap, a white shirt and a red vest plays a tuba outside a building.

Decoded sentence: the older man with the black shirt and white cap is wearing a white shirt with his tie.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a white shirt with a black tie and a black cap is standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: the older man wearing blue shirt is sitting.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a blue shirt is sitting.

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.
Answer sentence: an older man wearing a black jacket standing outside.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a white tank top and a white tank top stands in a concrete smooth.
Answer sentence: an older man stands in a white tank top and blue jeans, holding something to smooth down concrete.

Decoded sentence: adobe man sitting on a bicycle relaxing back while a older man sits back on his patio.
Answer sentence: an older man sits back and relaxes on a patio outside an adobe building where many bicycles are propped.

Decoded sentence: a older man reading a book.
Answer sentence: an older man reading a book.

Decoded sentence: a older man bowling posing near a wooden bowl on the wooden.
Answer sentence: an older man poses near wooden bowls on display.

Decoded sentence: the older man is sitting in front of a yellow shirt and plastered on his stone wall.
Answer sentence: an older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall.

Decoded sentence: a man using a wood machine using a hand to older wood.
Answer sentence: an older man is carving wood using a machine and hand tools.

Decoded sentence: a older man in a red shirt and khaki shorts is driving a parade at a parade of antique.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red t-shirt and khaki shorts is waving to the crowd at a parade while driving an antique ford vehicle.

Decoded sentence: the older man in the red sweatshirt is sitting in front of a bench and a older man sitting.
Answer sentence: an older man in a red sweatshirt stands in front of a group of children sitting on benches in front of him.

Decoded sentence: forge men in blue and gray pants are forge and forge anvil on their older man.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: the older man in the gray shirt with long gray shirt and long cabinet up his cabinet as.
Answer sentence: an older man in a gray shirt with a white long-sleeve shirt under it holding up a small wooden cabinet.

Decoded sentence: the older man is touching the last last on the last sculpture.
Answer sentence: an older man finishes the last touch up on his sculpture.

Decoded sentence: a older man eating a burrito.
Answer sentence: an older man eating a burrito.

Decoded sentence: a older man and woman exercising on a treadmill.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman exercise on treadmills.

Decoded sentence: the older man and white woman holding large white statue in a large studio.
Answer sentence: an older man and woman are holding a large statue in a white studio.

Decoded sentence: young girl and girl in a pool looking at the mall.
Answer sentence: an older man and a young girl are looking a fish in pool at a shopping mall.

Decoded sentence: young lady uniform as students talk to older ladies in the uniform.
Answer sentence: an older lady teacher talking to young students who are in uniform in front of the classroom building.

Decoded sentence: a older lady in a black shirt and black ingredients adding to kitchenaid ingredients on.
Answer sentence: an older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a kitchenaid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: 9 0 9 ladies out on the birthday cake cake to the older lady on the birthday cake.
Answer sentence: an older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake.

Decoded sentence: the older overcast seems to be approaching on a street in a overcast background of traffic.
Answer sentence: an older individual crosses the street on what seems to be an overcast day, traffic approaches in the background.

Decoded sentence: rustic guy looking at a rustic classic volkswagen beetle.
Answer sentence: an older guy looking at a classic, rustic, volkswagen beetle.

Decoded sentence: young boy plays with chess chess.
Answer sentence: an older guy is playing chess with a young boy.

Decoded sentence: stainless gentlemen wearing shorts and shorts and large stainless shirts are stainless.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, wearing a t-shirt and shorts, is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill.

Decoded sentence: a small gentleman dressed in a red shirt and a small red shirt is tossing a ball on the.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman, dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt, tosses a small red ball on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a older gentleman with a dark jacket and dark jacket is trying to sell a city on a city.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman with a beard is wearing a dark jacket and trying to sell something on a city street.

Decoded sentence: immense gentleman stand across the shore of a lake with water immense older older shore.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water.

Decoded sentence: the little gentleman is sitting in a room with a white gentleman and a light white at a.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman is sitting in a dark room with little light at a white small table and chairs.

Decoded sentence: a older gentleman in front of a window looking at a window deli.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman in front of the window of a deli looking at the fresh cooked meats.

Decoded sentence: overstuffed gentlemen dressed in white and white chairs sit in chairs from a large bowl.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman dressed completely in white is eating from a white bowl while sitting in a large overstuffed chair.

Decoded sentence: rim rim cleaning the bicycle.
Answer sentence: an older gentleman cleaning a bicycle rim.

Decoded sentence: a younger boy points a terminal of a younger boy and a younger boy with her younger airplane.
Answer sentence: an older boy is pointing out something to a younger boy inside and airport terminal with an airplane in the background

Decoded sentence: the bearded gentleman in the classroom is reading a book in front of a classroom possibly.
Answer sentence: an older bearded gentleman in glasses is reading a book in front of an open laptop, possibly in a classroom.

Decoded sentence: a older woman displaying a display for sale.
Answer sentence: an older asian woman displaying bread for sale

Decoded sentence: a older man wearing a green jacket and black rental holding a new york sign while holding.
Answer sentence: an older asian man wears a black and green jacket and a new york city hat, holding a bicycle rental sign.

Decoded sentence: the old man and glasses is sitting at the table with a homeless table in front of him.
Answer sentence: an old, perhaps homeless, man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him.

Decoded sentence: a old woman with a gray hat and knit hat is sitting on the ground in front of a stone block.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a gray hat sits on the gravel covered ground in front of large stone blocks knitting a sock.

Decoded sentence: a china on a street at china looking at the street.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cart, looking at china, there are many objects on display on the street.

Decoded sentence: the old woman with the red cane is sitting on the bench.
Answer sentence: an old woman with a cane sits on a red bench.

Decoded sentence: a old woman wearing a blue jacket and jeans trying to chosen from a street stand.
Answer sentence: an old woman wearing a yellow jacket and blue jeans trying to choose some vegetables from a street stand.

Decoded sentence: the old woman is excited and looking excited with friends to the old friends.
Answer sentence: an old woman looking excited with a present given to her by her friends.

Decoded sentence: two people are sitting on a bench and two of them are pulling a white limo while they walk.
Answer sentence: an old woman is sitting on a bench, while behind her a limo pulls up and two people in white are walking by.

Decoded sentence: two women gaze with each back of a large old man in a large thought with a smile and smile.
Answer sentence: an old woman gazes up with thought, with two smiling women and a large man in the back and foreground.

Decoded sentence: beautiful beautiful black and white weathered weathered and weathered weathered are riding.
Answer sentence: an old weathered, bearded man wearing all black, riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks.

Decoded sentence: a old man with a gray jacket and scarf is wearing a black scarf.
Answer sentence: an old man with gray hair wearing a scarf and black jacket.

Decoded sentence: a old man with a red tube and glasses is filling a old shop in the shop with people in.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses in a shop filled with people hands a red tube to another man with glasses.

Decoded sentence: young man with glasses and a young woman at a gathering of people hugging.
Answer sentence: an old man with glasses hugs a young woman at a gathering of quite a few people.

Decoded sentence: a man with a wooden arm is sitting behind a wooden wall with a wooden outstretched wall.
Answer sentence: an old man with arms outstretched sits against a wooden wall between a woman and another man.

Decoded sentence: a old man with a mustache holds a gun down a old gun.
Answer sentence: an old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling.

Decoded sentence: a foreign mosaic with a foreign hat and a old language stand in front of a tiled language.
Answer sentence: an old man with a multicolored hat standing is standing front of a earth toned mosaic sign, with foreign language in the tiles.

Decoded sentence: a small man wearing a gray chair sleeping in a chair.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing gray sleeps in a small chair.

Decoded sentence: the old man wearing a blue jacket is standing on the sidewalk with a small blue suitcase.
Answer sentence: an old man wearing a tan jacket and blue pants standing on a sidewalk with a small suitcase.

Decoded sentence: ferrett man walking through the street on a leash.
Answer sentence: an old man walking a ferrett through the street on a leash.

Decoded sentence: scrap man playing a scrap in a present while a man plays with a newspaper.
Answer sentence: an old man unwrapping a present covered in newspaper, while a toddler plays with the scraps.

Decoded sentence: a old man fishing for a net.
Answer sentence: an old man tying a net for fishing.

Decoded sentence: a old man smiling at the camera in front of a old man and barren camera.
Answer sentence: an old man smiling at the camera in front of a rocky, barren patch of land.

Decoded sentence: a old man sits.
Answer sentence: an old man sits.

Decoded sentence: filtering man on a bicycle riding a bicycle through a country with treetops over it.
Answer sentence: an old man on a bicycle riding along a wooded country road with sun filtering through the treetops.

Decoded sentence: jim men are knitting while jim jim.
Answer sentence: an old man named jim is knitting.

Decoded sentence: a old man in a red top is hugging a old woman on the couch.
Answer sentence: an old man is hugging a woman in a red striped top on the couch.

Decoded sentence: the little boy is wearing a spiderman bathing wrist while the little boy stands on the.
Answer sentence: an old man holds the wrists of a little boy wearing spiderman bathing shorts while standing on a wooden bridge.

Decoded sentence: the old man dressed in a axe is holding a axe standing on a evil hill.
Answer sentence: an old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill.

Decoded sentence: two men stand in a line around a old checkout and wearing sunglasses and a newspaper.
Answer sentence: an old lady standing behind two men in a checkout line and a man wearing sunglasses in the background reading a newspaper.

Decoded sentence: people grandma and looking at a old crowd in the tub of a large crowd of people.
Answer sentence: an old grandma is looking at a woman who is holding a large white tub of food in a crowd of people.

Decoded sentence: simple simple man with a simple plows with a wooden simple plows with a wooden simple plows.
Answer sentence: an old bearded man is tilling the soil with a simple wooden plow, with a wooden fence and an old barn in the background.

Decoded sentence: batiment batiment man in folding chair on a brick road with a sign in front of a bald man.
Answer sentence: an old bald man is sitting in a folding chair in front of a sign on the side of the road, in front of a brick building with a window that has the sign `` batiment inhabitable. ''

Decoded sentence: the old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train while a woman sits and walk.
Answer sentence: an old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.

Decoded sentence: the man wearing black boots is in the middle of a high black and skirt and black oddly.
Answer sentence: an oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: native man sitting on similar a similar hat and native hat is making a bag as he sits similar.
Answer sentence: an native-looking older man is sitting and working on making an item that looks to be similar to his hat or bag which is beside him.

Decoded sentence: a man in a white shirt and khaki shorts is lifting a toddler 's lap along the lap of a.
Answer sentence: an man in khaki shorts and a white t-shirt is lifting a toddler onto the lap of a jelly belly.

Decoded sentence: a male in a denim shirt and a white shirt in a denim shirt.
Answer sentence: an male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.

Decoded sentence: the entertainers consisting of a pink tank top and a woman wearing a pink top is juggling.
Answer sentence: an male entertainer is wearing women 's clothing that consists of a pink tank top, skirt, knee high socks, and a hairnet, performing on a unicycle a juggling knives while a crowd watches.

Decoded sentence: a backdrop of intricate wooden women in a middle of a long blue slide and another woman.
Answer sentence: an intricate gold design is the backdrop to a middle-aged woman in a blue outfit playing a long, brass instrument with a sliding piece as she stands by a another middle-aged woman in a blue outfit who is playing a long, wooden flute-like instrument.

Decoded sentence: intimate man with a low intimate intimate and a woman with a low intimate draped to the.
Answer sentence: an intimate setting with low lighting, draped doors and tables with small groups of men and women smiling and drinking.

Decoded sentence: a person and white inflatable climbing a rock climbing a person wearing a helmet.
Answer sentence: an inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet.

Decoded sentence: a infant is laying on a bed with a infant open it.
Answer sentence: an infant lays on a bed with it 's mouth open.

Decoded sentence: two individuals in blue pants and blue pants stand on a ladder and looking at the same.
Answer sentence: an individual in blue pants is standing on a step ladder while two others look in the same direction as the man on the ladder.

Decoded sentence: the handful dressed in short blue shorts and the handful of a handful of papers is dressed.
Answer sentence: an individual dressed in a blue top and red `` spongebob '' shorts with a handful of papers looks surprised while being photographed.

Decoded sentence: impromptu friends are impromptu friends.
Answer sentence: an impromptu toast among friends.

Decoded sentence: people standing outside taking a large place place to place it.
Answer sentence: an event in which stands have been erected and large group of people are attracted takes place outside.

Decoded sentence: people sitting in front of a new york banner from a banner.
Answer sentence: an evening people sitting in front of a banner stating, from new york.

Decoded sentence: a flat woman wearing a purple apron is sitting on a floor and others round a large food.
Answer sentence: an ethnic woman wearing a purple apron is sitting on the floor shaping round, flat food items while others cook over a fire on a large round, flat pan.

Decoded sentence: two entertainers on the pedestal of a pedestal stand on a pedestal while a dog holds up.
Answer sentence: an entertainer stand on one leg, holding up a dog as two goats stand on pedestals in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman employee a woman browsing her hand as she employee at the ice market through the.
Answer sentence: an employee is handing a woman a bag while she is browsing through fish on ice at a street market.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman sitting and holding a plastic photo while the elderly woman sits around.
Answer sentence: an elderly women is sitting and leaning against a wall, holding a photo and a plastic glass.

Decoded sentence: shampoo women buying shampoo at a store.
Answer sentence: an elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store.

Decoded sentence: elderly woman in a log with a cane and cane sits in a large cabin of cabin.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman with a cane sits in a large wooden chair next to a weaving loom, in a log cabin.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man wearing a green coat is looking at the open and the man wearing a green.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a black coat and a green scarf, looks at her watch as a man is looking at her with his mouth open.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman in the bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in the.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration.

Decoded sentence: assistant women in black clothing trying to look on the right with a mirror boutique to.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique, with a sales assistant to her right.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman is stirring her pot in the kitchen.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman stirs a pot in a kitchen.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a dirty wall and a dirty wall with a dirty.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits on the sidewalk against a dirty wall with her legs crossed and her hands in her lap.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman sitting in a room with flowers and smiling at the book.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman sits in a chair with a book and smiles at the pretty flowers in her room.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman is dressed in blue pants and light brown shirt and light brown shirt.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman serving bread to a man and a woman dressed in blue t-shirts and light brown pants

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman is pushing a stroller.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman pushing a stroller

Decoded sentence: the elderly man and woman are in a background upset.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks upset, and an elderly man is in the background.

Decoded sentence: the elderly woman is looking at the fruit 's bag.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman in a red jacket and a brown jacket is holding a small boy in a brown dress.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman in a black dress holds a black umbrella over a small boy in a red jacket and brown pants on a pier with a boat in the background.

Decoded sentence: a elderly woman giving a daughter to a woman.
Answer sentence: an elderly woman giving her daughter a hug.

Decoded sentence: evergreen person stand in a street with evergreen trees and others stand in the street.
Answer sentence: an elderly person stands in the street during winter with evergreen tree branches in one hand and a cane in the other.

Decoded sentence: the elderly person is sitting on the steps of a person in a ruins of ruins.
Answer sentence: an elderly person sits alone on the steps of some of an area in ruins.

Decoded sentence: clue person wearing a brown jacket and clue clue outside.
Answer sentence: an elderly person is wearing a clue cap and brown jacket while sitting outside in front of a cutting board.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man with the elderly is placing his hand in the yard of a barrel.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard.

Decoded sentence: hutch man in a cabinet with a facial hair and glasses standing in the room with a cabinet.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with facial hair and glasses, standing in his living room holding a hutch cabinet with glass doors.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man with long gray beard is sitting on a ground playing a flute.
Answer sentence: an elderly man with a long gray beard is playing his flute while sitting on the ground.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man wearing a hat and a elderly jacket is about to be down a paved path near.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a dark hat and dark hat is implement around the wind of a wooden implement.
Answer sentence: an elderly man wearing a dark suit, a hat, and clogs winds twine around a wooden implement.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man taking a dog near a water.
Answer sentence: an elderly man takes his dog for a walk near the water.

Decoded sentence: elderly man tending to tree on the ladder of a tree.
Answer sentence: an elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man is sitting in a chair in a chair.
Answer sentence: an elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man reads a newspaper next to a man in a graffiti covered wall.
Answer sentence: an elderly man reads a newspaper next to some garbage cans and a wall covered in graffiti.

Decoded sentence: the elderly man is standing behind the bar while a elderly man stands.
Answer sentence: an elderly man opens a wine bottle while standing behind a bar.

Decoded sentence: a little man kayaking in a cute body of water with a cute body of water on his boat.
Answer sentence: an elderly man kayaking in a body of water with a cute bird on the corner of his little boat.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man 's cooking.
Answer sentence: an elderly man is cooking hotdogs outside.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man in a red jacket shield from a shield.
Answer sentence: an elderly man in a red jacket shielding his face from the sun.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man is driving a unique firetruck.
Answer sentence: an elderly man drives a unique firetruck.

Decoded sentence: jewelery man and woman walk past a jewelery store on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and women walk together past a jewelery store on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: a elderly man and woman observing a wooden tube with wooden.
Answer sentence: an elderly man and woman observe a wooden contraption with a tube.

Decoded sentence: the elderly gentleman is taking time from the task to eat.
Answer sentence: an elderly gentleman takes time away from his tasks to eat.

Decoded sentence: reefs asian woman with yellow reef in front of a yellow reef reef.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman with a cane walking in front of several yellow and white flowered reefs.

Decoded sentence: a elderly asian woman wearing a plaid jacket and sunglasses is wearing a yellow plaid jacket.
Answer sentence: an elderly asian woman is wearing a beret, sunglasses, a yellow scarf, and a plaid jacket.

Decoded sentence: elderly man in african shirt stands in front of a yellow information.
Answer sentence: an elderly african-american man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand.

Decoded sentence: celebratory man wearing a elder attire is playing percussion instruments while the elder.
Answer sentence: an elder man, wearing celebratory attire, plays a percussion instrument and is singing outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a motorcycle in a white vest and a white helmet is sitting on a motorcycle wearing a yellow.
Answer sentence: an authority-figure in a white helmet, wearing a yellow vest, and sitting on a yellow motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a girl in mainly white and white prominently hands with mainly hands raised as a male prominently.
Answer sentence: an audience of mainly white girls in and a prominently displayed asian male cheer with raised hands.

Decoded sentence: attractive attractive women walking on a street in yellow shirts.
Answer sentence: an attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt.

Decoded sentence: attractive attractive girls with cleavage cleavage in the hands shows over their hands.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl with a cigarette in one hand leaning over and showing lots of cleavage.

Decoded sentence: attractive attractive boys are selling things to sell.
Answer sentence: an attractive girl sells things to boys.

Decoded sentence: young clad woman in athletic green shoes and shoes in a green nike nike nike.
Answer sentence: an athletic, young woman clad in a green leotard and bright green nike shoes is in a footrace as the 43rd entrant.

Decoded sentence: rusted wearing red and white shorts and a javelin stands on the court while a woman attempts.
Answer sentence: an athletic woman wearing blue and red shorts stands between the white lines on the rust-colored court and attempts to throw the javelin, while cameramen stand by.

Decoded sentence: aspirin is to the aspirin preserve to the water preserve.
Answer sentence: an aspirin added to the water would preserve the flowers.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman standing outside of a yellow building.
Answer sentence: an asian women standing outside of a yellow building.

Decoded sentence: a asian asian player eagerly eagerly waiting for the ball to serve the opponent to the.
Answer sentence: an asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball.

Decoded sentence: the asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway and his transportation.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a business suit is sleeping on the subway or some other sort of public transportation.

Decoded sentence: the asian man wearing a dark suit is standing near the man near the brown and black suit.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a black suit stands near a dark-haired woman and a brown-haired woman.

Decoded sentence: two asian men are walking down a walkway with a gray and gray daughter with a gray daughter.
Answer sentence: an asian man walks down a gray-tiled walkway with his two daughters by a man sitting with his bike.

Decoded sentence: the asian man in the white dress is holding a wooden tuxedo while hugging the man on the.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a tuxedo is hugging a woman in a white dress while holding flowers, on wooden planks.

Decoded sentence: a man in a suit on a subway on a subway.
Answer sentence: an asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.

Decoded sentence: a asian man is giving a speech.
Answer sentence: an asian man giving a speech.

Decoded sentence: korean asian girl holding flowers under a korean symbol.
Answer sentence: an asian girl holding flowers under korean symbols.

Decoded sentence: a asian child with a yellow hair on a swing in a yellow and yellow swing with a woman standing.
Answer sentence: an asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her.

Decoded sentence: a asian child in a baseball cap holding a crying.
Answer sentence: an asian child in a baseball cap crying while he is being held

Decoded sentence: a young boy sketching a comical comical comical comical comical.
Answer sentence: an artists is drawing a comical sketch of a young boy.

Decoded sentence: a artist wearing a red sweater and black sweater on a side of a brick building.
Answer sentence: an artist wearing a red and black sweater painting a mural on the side of a brick building.

Decoded sentence: intensely on a very contemporary work on a very contemporary looking at work to a piece.
Answer sentence: an artist is working on his very contemporary looking piece of art, and is focusing very intensely on the work at hand.

Decoded sentence: the tourist in japan appears to be a tourist or japan area.
Answer sentence: an area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded, with many people of whom look like tourists.

Decoded sentence: political closeup men are showing platters of a man and a political sign and a political.
Answer sentence: an apparent political event is shown with a crowd closeup, focusing on a middle-aged man in a purple shirt, with a person hoisting a platter of canapes to his right and a ' hillary ' campaign sign to his rear left.

Decoded sentence: a animal running through the sand at the beach.
Answer sentence: an animal running through the sand at the beach.

Decoded sentence: the angry man and woman are sitting in the green shirt and chairs looking over them.
Answer sentence: an angry looking woman is sitting in a chair while a man in a green shirt stands beside her.

Decoded sentence: a male angry brown shirt seems to be a male rider in jeans and a tan male seems to be trying.
Answer sentence: an angry brown horse seems to be trying to buck off the male rider in tan jeans and blue shirt and black hat, while a photographer shoots a picture.

Decoded sentence: amorous couple in front of a building with ornate pillars and water amorous it.
Answer sentence: an amorous couple with water in front of them, an old building with ornate pillars in the background.

Decoded sentence: eyepiece overviews one is carrying a large telescope set into amateur one in a large astronomer.
Answer sentence: an amateur astronomer looks into the eyepiece of a large telescope set up in a field next to its carrying case, while another one overviews the telescope itself.

Decoded sentence: the african child wearing a red plaid shirt and blue shorts is sleeping on a hammock with.
Answer sentence: an african child wearing a red and blue plaid shirt and blue shorts sleeping on a woven rope hammock.

Decoded sentence: a african american man is playing a red electric guitar.
Answer sentence: an african american man is playing a red electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: oversized african men in white shirts and white oversized prepare to cut on a beach.
Answer sentence: an african american man in an oversized white graphic t-shirt prepares to cut a tropical fruit on a beach.

Decoded sentence: a aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on a beach.
Answer sentence: an aerial view of a woman sitting in a blue chair on the beach.

Decoded sentence: two older women are on top of a public showcase one of them making a aerial showcase with.
Answer sentence: an aerial view is on the top of two women, one older, one younger, who seem to be making something to eat at a public showcase.

Decoded sentence: young male and child holding umbrellas and walking along a pier while a pier male holding.
Answer sentence: an adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it 's raining.

Decoded sentence: there are a adult in a brightly colored clothing and a brightly colored clothing sitting.
Answer sentence: an adult in brightly colored clothing and hat, is weaving or beading while sitting on brightly colored rugs.

Decoded sentence: three female kids are in a canoe with one of them is rowing a canoe.
Answer sentence: an adult female and three children are in a canoe with one of the kids rowing the boat.

Decoded sentence: a adult dressed in black holding a stick.
Answer sentence: an adult dressed in black holds a stick.

Decoded sentence: a child wearing a yellow shirt and a glue piece of paper glue paper glue as they are putting.
Answer sentence: an adult and a kid are both wearing yellow shirts and the child is putting glue on a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: a rooster wearing a white hat and a white rooster in a cage of a rooster with a rooster.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child, both wearing hats, are outside, looking at a black and white rooster in a cage.

Decoded sentence: a child and a child walking along a beach during a beach.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.

Decoded sentence: a police and police sitting on a motorcycle.
Answer sentence: an adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: a volleyball player is spiking the ball shot of the action.
Answer sentence: an action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball.

Decoded sentence: a heavy player wearing heavy jacket and a yellow jacket standing by the accordion of a.
Answer sentence: an accordion player wearing a heavy jacket, scarf and beanie standing by a yellow telephone pole.

Decoded sentence: a tango man accompanied his tango dancing on a city street while a woman watches.
Answer sentence: an accordion player accompanies a man and woman who are dancing a tango on a city street as several passersby watch.

Decoded sentence: unhappy couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: an a unhappy couple sitting at a table in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a indian woman in traditional clothing cooking on a stove.
Answer sentence: an indian woman in traditional clothing cooks vegetables on her stove.

Decoded sentence: the indian man is scratching his head to the back of the back.
Answer sentence: an indian man is scratching the back of his head while thinking.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a kabab shish shish covering his shish covering his kabab his kabab.
Answer sentence: an elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling.

Decoded sentence: a blond woman with a reddish hair and a woman seated at a computer looking librarian.
Answer sentence: an asian woman with reddish blond-hair seated at a computer being helped by what looks like a librarian.

Decoded sentence: a woven woman wearing a woven dress sitting on a woven cloth with a basket of the lap.
Answer sentence: an asian woman wearing a asian dress sitting among a group of cloths, with a woven basket on her lap.

Decoded sentence: a woman waiting at a train stop underground.
Answer sentence: an asian woman waiting at an underground train stop.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing in a urban area listening to a music stand.
Answer sentence: an asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music.

Decoded sentence: a asian woman is selling her silk bags and a silk bag.
Answer sentence: an asian woman selling silk scarfs, bags, and wallets.

Decoded sentence: a colorful asian woman is selling fabric.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is selling colorful fabrics.

Decoded sentence: the asian woman poses in the marketplace with a red umbrella in china.
Answer sentence: an asian woman is posing with a red umbrella in a marketplace in china.

Decoded sentence: misspelled women in mid shirts and misspelled in a city bus for their afternoon.
Answer sentence: an asian woman in a misspelled t-shirt fans herself in the mid-afternoon sun while waiting for a bus in the city.

Decoded sentence: two asian men and a woman in white are playing cards in a hallway while a man plays a hallway.
Answer sentence: an asian woman and two men ( one asian and one white ) are playing cards in the hallway of a train.

Decoded sentence: a asian man and woman looking at a food display in a display.
Answer sentence: an asian man, woman and child looking at food products in a display.

Decoded sentence: the old man wearing a blue shirt is working with a long machine and looking for the machine.
Answer sentence: an asian man wearing a blue long-sleeve shirt and patterned pants is working with an old looking machine.

Decoded sentence: a asian man reading a book to take a book.
Answer sentence: an asian man reading book and taking notes.

Decoded sentence: a man points to a person in a asian man with a conversation.
Answer sentence: an asian man points while in conversation with another person.

Decoded sentence: a man cutting on a long board while a man wearing a blue shirt is cutting meat in a kitchen.
Answer sentence: an asian man is cutting some meat on a cutting board in a kitchen and he is wearing a long blue t-shirt.

Decoded sentence: the asian girl wearing the white leotard is dancing while the girl on the tiptoes is wearing.
Answer sentence: an asian girl wearing a white leotard and white stockings stands on her tiptoes as she dances ballet.

Decoded sentence: a girl wearing a radio shirt is making a face for a radio face.
Answer sentence: an asian girl makes a surprised face while wearing a shirt that says `` radio ''

Decoded sentence: ash asian girl in a cute asian outfit with a cute colored cute colored bag giving a smile.
Answer sentence: an asian cute girl in an ash color outfit with a bag color bag give a beautiful smile.

Decoded sentence: the asian chef is working in the kitchen while putting a food and smile and smile into.
Answer sentence: an asian chef is working in the kitchen, and is smiling after putting the food he has made in a wok into a `` to-go '' container.

Decoded sentence: clutching asian in a red and blue silk silk roses and a bride and groom in a grassy field.
Answer sentence: an asian bride in a red silk dress clutching a bouquet of red roses and an asian groom in a blue silk robe are posing in a grassy field.

Decoded sentence: a asian boy on a stone building next to a brick building.
Answer sentence: an asian boy stepping on a stone next to a brick building.

Decoded sentence: lightning asian guitarist in blue and blue venue with reddish fixtures and fixtures fixtures.
Answer sentence: an asian band, whose guitarist is shown near the right and those drummer is shown on the left, plays in a venue lit with blue rope lightning and a reddish cattle skull wall fixture.

Decoded sentence: the amish woman in the purple is buggy to the horse buggy.
Answer sentence: an amish woman in purple is attached a buggy to a horse.

Decoded sentence: aikido students strike patiently in a aikido stand on a side of a demonstration to attack.
Answer sentence: an aikido student striking an attack in a demonstration to other students who stand patiently on the side of the mat.

Decoded sentence: a man in a black sweatshirt and tan pants is outside.
Answer sentence: an african-american man in a black sweatshirt and tan pants is sitting outside with drumsticks and buckets.

Decoded sentence: a foreign country and a female sitting on a sewing top of a foreign country in a foreign.
Answer sentence: an african-american female sits outside of a village side in a foreign country as she works on sewing on some unknown material as she sets on another material on top of the dirt.

Decoded sentence: a african woman with a lot of head and a lot of piercings on it.
Answer sentence: an african woman with piercings, lots of necklaces and corn on her head.

Decoded sentence: a african woman makes a pot.
Answer sentence: an african woman makes pots.

Decoded sentence: two african beads from two african beads gaze into the camera of a cob and two of native.
Answer sentence: an african native gazes into the camera donning a hat of two corn cobs and necklaces of shells and beads.

Decoded sentence: the african man is working with a wooden machine.
Answer sentence: an african man is working with a wooden machine.

Decoded sentence: the african cultural is looking into the camera while the cultural of varying cultural.
Answer sentence: an african individual is looking into the camera while dressed in varying beads and decorations that have a cultural relevance.

Decoded sentence: headstand african children on a boat attempts to a blue and white headstand.
Answer sentence: an african child attempts a headstand on the front of a boat painted blue and white in water next to a field of crops.

Decoded sentence: a african american woman looking at a poster.
Answer sentence: an african american woman looking at a poster.

Decoded sentence: the african american woman in the white chair is sitting and chair while a woman sitting.
Answer sentence: an african american woman braiding another african american woman 's hair, while sitting in a white chair.

Decoded sentence: a african american man wearing a coat walks in a city.
Answer sentence: an african american man, wearing a sweatshirt and coat, walking in a city.

Decoded sentence: donations african american with a black tank top and black donations a bucket playing on.
Answer sentence: an african american man with a black hat and black tank top plays the drums on some buckets for donations.

Decoded sentence: intensely african american men speaking into their microphone.
Answer sentence: an african american man speaks intensely into the microphone.

Decoded sentence: the african american male is doing a green and green bike and is doing a bike on a skateboard.
Answer sentence: an african american male rides a green bike while another person does an ollie on a skateboard in the background.

Decoded sentence: the african man in the red and white skirt and blue skirt has a brown cross on the street.
Answer sentence: an african american in a red top and white and brown skirt crosses a street while a man in a blue shirt runs on it.

Decoded sentence: a african american girl from a family receiving from a family from a family state.
Answer sentence: an african american girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states.

Decoded sentence: a african american baby holding a baby 's garden while supervised from his mom.
Answer sentence: an african american family picking vegetables from the garden, while mom holds the baby and supervises.

Decoded sentence: three african american children peer to ride a bicycle while a bicycle.
Answer sentence: an african american child is supported by his three peers while riding his bicycle.

Decoded sentence: two african american children standing behind a small afican stand.
Answer sentence: an afican american woman standing behind two small african american children.

Decoded sentence: a atv rider up and is sliding on a dirt corner while a still rider is sliding still on.
Answer sentence: an atv rider, speeds around a corner, while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead.

Decoded sentence: a man and tan woman are dancing together holding drinks in a crowded street near a crowd.
Answer sentence: among a crowd on a street, a woman holding a coconut drink dances near a man in a tan jacket.

Decoded sentence: the soldier is marching in the washington with a soldier labeled washington and a soldier.
Answer sentence: american soldiers play in a marching band with drums labeled fort lewis, washington.

Decoded sentence: a butcher wearing a white chef is cooking with a knife and a knife wearing a white apron.
Answer sentence: amateur chef wearing a white cooking apron is about to chop a chicken with a butcher knife.

Decoded sentence: two men and a man are on a scaffold doing a red and red summer clothes and the man is on.
Answer sentence: along side a red brick building, two men in summer clothes are on a scaffold doing a window or door repair.

Decoded sentence: people on a subway sit and check their check out of a subway phone.
Answer sentence: all the people sitting on the subway are reading, except for one man who is checking his phone.

Decoded sentence: skinny freeway dressed wearing a red jumpsuit and a freeway wearing a red jumpsuit and.
Answer sentence: aid big guy wearing an orange jumpsuit is talking to a skinny lady who 's dressed up with a long skirt is standing on the freeway looking at the red motorcycle that crash

Decoded sentence: a baby plays with a baby seems to be playing with a toy guitar.
Answer sentence: after playing with her other toys, the baby decides that the guitar seems fun to play with as well.

Decoded sentence: young man dressed in blue shirt and black shorts and high in a gym of a gym.
Answer sentence: after being thrown in the air a young man dressed in a blue t-shirt and black shorts is getting ready to be caught by other young men in the same type of t-shirt and black shorts in a gym with softball championship banners hanging high in the background.

Decoded sentence: a african american child playing in front of a yellow car.
Answer sentence: african american children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.

Decoded sentence: slatted child gather outdoors under a roof socializing.
Answer sentence: adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing

Decoded sentence: adolescent adolescent men with black pants and white pants and black pants are singing.
Answer sentence: adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: accuracy adjusting the accuracy of the accuracy.
Answer sentence: adjusting a tie for accuracy.

Decoded sentence: actors in a white shirt with a stairway sitting on a stairway with a black actors rehearsing.
Answer sentence: actors in costumes rehearsing for a play, while a man with black hair and a white shirt sits on a stairway.

Decoded sentence: the oklahoma from the bank of the bank is enjoying the bank of the bank and the woman enjoy.
Answer sentence: across from the bank of oklahoma, a woman enjoys the scent of her tea.

Decoded sentence: complected man and complected complected complected stand with hand in air.
Answer sentence: about 20 dark complected men standing with their backs towards us raising both hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: rodgers aaron in a green zone and a touchdown in a bay packers packers celebrate and a.
Answer sentence: aaron rodgers and another green bay packers teammate are celebrating a touchdown in an end zone.

Decoded sentence: zebra nibbling on a grass.
Answer sentence: a zebra is nibbling on some grass.

Decoded sentence: a blond with a dirty jacket and a denim jacket is wearing jeans and dirty jeans at a conveyor.
Answer sentence: a youth with long dirty blond-hair wearing a denim jacket and jeans looks at the conveyor belt of groceries while waiting at a checkout line.

Decoded sentence: nest nest stands with metal nest on fence and fence in mouth.
Answer sentence: a youth standing nest to a metal fence with a black shirt on and a cigarette in their mouth.

Decoded sentence: the younger man and woman are running on the treadmill next to a treadmill.
Answer sentence: a younger woman and older man are running on treadmills next to each other.

Decoded sentence: two younger men with empty younger empty men holding up and mouths.
Answer sentence: a younger man with a fedora has two empty bottles held up to his mouth.

Decoded sentence: a younger man and a younger man standing behind a counter selling israeli cashews looking.
Answer sentence: a younger looking man stands behind the counter of an israeli shop that sells cigarettes and cashews.

Decoded sentence: young girl on long beach jumping in the air.
Answer sentence: a young, long-haired, girl on the beach, is jumping in the air.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a hat and holding a camera.
Answer sentence: a young, backwards hat wearing, boy holding a professional camera.

Decoded sentence: young hispanic woman wearing a large sundress walk outside of a large tree.
Answer sentence: a young, hispanic woman wearing a sundress is walking outside near a large fountain and palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young women in blue costumes dance in a dark competition while a young woman cheer.
Answer sentence: a young women, dressed in a dark blue dance costume is participating in a cheer competition.

Decoded sentence: young women wearing black and black coat with laundry in a laundry mat in a laundry mat.
Answer sentence: a young woman, wearing a black coat and sitting with a book in her lap, is reading a map, in a laundry mat.

Decoded sentence: young woman dressed in red bandanna to barefoot while wearing a red bandanna.
Answer sentence: a young woman, scantily dressed and wearing a red bandanna, is dancing barefoot on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young woman with long striped hair and a young blond woman wearing jeans with a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a young woman with short blond-hair wearing jeans and a striped long-sleeved sweater jumping in midair on a skateboard with trees in the background.

Decoded sentence: q woman with a red hair and a young woman in a red highlights eyeshadow with a red eyeshadow.
Answer sentence: a young woman with red highlights in her hair is applying eyeshadow with a q-tip in front of a mirror.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a purple nike nike hoop warmers with a hula hoop warmers with warmers warmers.
Answer sentence: a young woman with purple dreads hula-hoops while wearing furry purple leg-warmers and hot blue nikes.

Decoded sentence: young woman with dark hair and dark hair and a young white sifter putting her cake.
Answer sentence: a young woman with dark hair and wearing glasses is putting white powder on a cake using a sifter.

Decoded sentence: young woman with black tank top and blue jeans walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blue jeans and a black tank top is walking down the sidewalk screaming and clutching her chest.

Decoded sentence: young woman with short gray shirt and jean shorts prepare food for a barbecue.
Answer sentence: a young woman with blond-hair, wearing a short-sleeve gray shirt and blue jean shorts, prepares food for a barbecue.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a brown and brown skirt and sandals shaving with a stone building.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building.

Decoded sentence: young woman with white ponytail climbing a stone structure.
Answer sentence: a young woman with a ponytail climbs a white stone structure.

Decoded sentence: young woman climbing a rock climbing near a creek.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearubg a bikini is climbing rocks near a creek.

Decoded sentence: young women wearing sunglasses and drinks in a outdoor setting bottle in a outdoor setting.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and several necklaces drinks from a bottle of water in an outdoor setting.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing blue shirt and sunglasses is writing in the little girl with pigtails.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing sunglasses and a blue shirt is holding a white sheet while a little girl in pigtails writes on it with a marker.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a blue dress with a white towel in the lap of a dryer using a dry dryer.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a white dress with a blue towel in her lap is having her hair dried by another woman used a hair dryer.

Decoded sentence: two young women with short blue tank top and a large portable run on top of the street.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a short, orange tank top, short blue bottoms and pink athletic shoes with a large name tag on her front that says `` sarah '' is running down a street past spectators and two portable toilets.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing pink shirt and blue skirt standing in a concrete doorway of a concrete.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a red shirt and reddish pink skirt standing in the doorway of an old blue concrete building.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing gray shawl is working on a gray creating textiles outside.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a gray shawl is sitting outside working on creating textile.

Decoded sentence: young women in colorful skirts and barefoot stand in front of a plantation plantation plantation.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a colorful headscarf, plaid shirt and skirt stands barefoot in front of a plantation, holding a sample of leaves in her hand.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing blue coat and blue leggings while riding a bicycle into the brown building.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue coat and brown leggings getting ready to walk into a building, after riding her bicycle.

Decoded sentence: young women wearing blue button shirts and blue button shirts are holding hands over a.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a blue button shirt over a white shirt holds a microphone in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: young women in black tank top and black tank top standing on a crowd.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black tank top is listening to music on her mp3 player while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a red shirt and black striped shirt standing across a stage in front.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.

Decoded sentence: young woman wearing a bikini jumping into the pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman wearing a bikini jumping into a pool

Decoded sentence: young woman walking by a door door.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking by a rolling door.

Decoded sentence: young women walking in front of a fenced in front of them.
Answer sentence: a young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area.

Decoded sentence: young men and women are looking at target while a man smiles mirthlessly indoors.
Answer sentence: a young woman smiles as she shoots a gun at an indoor target range, as an older man looks on mirthlessly.

Decoded sentence: young women are seated in a bunch of freshly mown women and blowing seeds from a freshly.
Answer sentence: a young woman seated in a freshly mown hayfield is blowing seeds from a bunch of dandelions.

Decoded sentence: sway woman plays on a swing set in background.
Answer sentence: a young woman plays on a swing set while trees sway in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man on a straw hat wearing a cowboy hat and light colored boat in a boat.
Answer sentence: a young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat.

Decoded sentence: young woman and woman walk ready to intense match for a tennis match as a partner partner.
Answer sentence: a young woman midair gets ready for an intense tennis match, her partner walks behind her.

Decoded sentence: young boy in flowered stands stirs a pot of a pot while wearing a flowered apron.
Answer sentence: a young woman is stirring something in a pot while a young boy wearing a flowered apron stands by her.

Decoded sentence: young woman sitting on a white outdoor toddler playing a accordion in front of a white.
Answer sentence: a young woman is sitting on outdoor steps while playing a white accordion in front of a toddler.

Decoded sentence: young women playing pool.
Answer sentence: a young woman is playing pool.

Decoded sentence: young woman in pink dress and pink beads pageant pageant by a young woman in a pink costume.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drinking a beer while dressing in a pageant costume which includes lots of pink feathers and beads.

Decoded sentence: young women are drawing with sharpie markers.
Answer sentence: a young woman is drawing with a sharpie marker.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a hallway with small clothing vacuums a hallway.
Answer sentence: a young woman in relaxed clothing vacuuming hallway with small vacuum.

Decoded sentence: young women in black and black writing with hands in front of a wall.
Answer sentence: a young woman in black is standing in front of a wall with writing, she is holding something in her right hand.

Decoded sentence: young woman in a yellow bathing suit is laying on the lessons while lesson lesson the lessons.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a yellow bathing suit laying on a surfboard observes a surfing lesson.

Decoded sentence: young woman in white shirt and white shirt talking to people talking.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and glasses talks to a group of people.

Decoded sentence: young woman in white shirt and black pants sitting at a table with a black and white top.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white shirt and black pants holding a top hat entertaining some people sitting at a table

Decoded sentence: young woman in red dress and sandals sitting on steps with large white handbag on it.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a white dress and sandals sits on the steps with a large red handbag beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman attempting to hit a volleyball in a green bikini and white bikini while a young.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a turquoise, green and white bikini is attempting to hit a volleyball as several onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: young woman in sunglasses and tank top plays a guitar on a young woman in a tank top.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a tank top, shorts, and sunglasses is playing a guitar will seated on the ground.

Decoded sentence: young woman in red costume stands on a sidewalk sequined sequined.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a red sequined costume and feather stands on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young woman in pink dress and green hat holding a feathered green vase hat.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a green dress, a feathered necklace and a pink feathered hat holding an orange vase

Decoded sentence: young women in a golden dress pose on a chair.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a dress is posing on a golden chair.

Decoded sentence: three young women in blue uniforms are taking a digital photograph while a young woman.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a blue uniform takes digital photographs while three older woman look on.

Decoded sentence: young lady in black blouse and blue jeans stands behind a young lady draped as he stands.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a black blouse, blue jeans, and sandals is standing behind another young woman who is seated with a red poncho draped around her as the first young lady cuts her hair.

Decoded sentence: young man in a straw hat and holding a straw hat kicking up in a straw.
Answer sentence: a young woman in a bikini holding a bottle is goofing around and kicking a man in a straw hat.

Decoded sentence: young women getting haircut.
Answer sentence: a young woman getting her haircut.

Decoded sentence: three young people spinning saris at a modern modern they are wearing traditional clothes.
Answer sentence: a young woman and older woman wear traditional saris as they spin textiles, three people are pictured at only the waists, and wear modern clothes.

Decoded sentence: young white man is climbing with a rope climbing a mountain.
Answer sentence: a young white man is climbing a mountain with a rope as a guide.

Decoded sentence: young boy with a black hat and white shirt sitting next to a large steel ball in a field.
Answer sentence: a young white boy with an orange shirt and white and black hat sitting next to a black steel ball in a large field.

Decoded sentence: young toddler sitting in a bathtub with a yellow toy and yellow and yellow dinosaur.
Answer sentence: a young toddler is playing with a dinosaur toy and a yellow block while sitting in the bathtub.

Decoded sentence: young teen performing a trick at a skateboard site to catch a trick in midair and a midair.
Answer sentence: a young teen performing a skateboard trick at a construction site caught in midair flipping his board.

Decoded sentence: young students gaze from instructions as they gaze to the teacher as they are kneeling.
Answer sentence: a young student receives fencing instruction from his kneeling teacher while a potential opponent and a woman gaze behind them.

Decoded sentence: young boy and boy laying on a couch with a closed and closed.
Answer sentence: a young shirtless boy is laying on a couch with his eyes closed and his hand on his chest.

Decoded sentence: young jersey riding a horse wearing orange polo polo.
Answer sentence: a young polo player wearing an orange jersey riding a horse.

Decoded sentence: young person wearing pink swimsuit leaps to one person wearing a pink swimsuit swimming.
Answer sentence: a young person wearing a pink one-piece swimsuit and goggles about to complete a leap into a swimming pool.

Decoded sentence: young person in black pants and black pants using a mobile device on a city sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young woman in gray shirt stands inside of watermelons and woman standing by a gray watermelons.
Answer sentence: a young person in a gray t-shirt stands beside an older woman handing out a slice of watermelon.

Decoded sentence: young young balcony overlooking a city street.
Answer sentence: a young overlooks a city street from a balcony.

Decoded sentence: young oriental woman sitting amongst belongings.
Answer sentence: a young oriental woman sitting amongst her belongings.

Decoded sentence: young musicians sitting in a white plastic chair and playing a white plastic guitar.
Answer sentence: a young musician playing a small guitar and singing, while sitting in a white plastic chair.

Decoded sentence: young mother and baby walk along the street.
Answer sentence: a young mother and her baby walk along a street.

Decoded sentence: young man with red hair and 9 billowy on a billowy line up for a pool.
Answer sentence: a young man, with billowy red-hair, lines up his shot of the 9 ball on a pool table.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a red baseball cap with her baseball cap looking towards the man with.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a red baseball cap backwards with a pen hanging from it, looks ahead with a candid expression.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a gray jacket and gray jacket is looking out at the statue of a statue.
Answer sentence: a young man, wearing a gray jacket, is in a museum looking at a statue of a lizard and putting his face with his tongue stuck out into the lizard 's mouth.

Decoded sentence: young man with blue pants and sneakers is jumping over a skateboard while a young man on.
Answer sentence: a young man with no shirt on is wearing black pants and sneakers is jumping over a blue skateboard.

Decoded sentence: young man with black considering stands next to a jug of water.
Answer sentence: a young man with a v-neck considers a water jug while standing next to a black motorcycle.

Decoded sentence: young man with a tattoo on his right compacting compacting compacting compacting man in.
Answer sentence: a young man with a script tattoo on his right forearm smokes a cigarette and holds a rolling pin while standing in a dirty, compact kitchen.

Decoded sentence: young man with a leather jacket walking by a cart with a shopping cart and a young man.
Answer sentence: a young man with a leather jacket walking by a man who seems like having trouble with his poorly constructed shopping cart.

Decoded sentence: young children wearing minimal clothing are walking along a sidewalk amidst a minimal minimal.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing minimal clothing walks along the sidewalk amidst children and other people.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a white shirt and a white shirt with a electric guitar on stage.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a white shirt is on a stage with a drummer, and the boy is playing an electric guitar.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a green shirt and green shirt waiting with people waiting for the transportation.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a green t-shirt and a backpack is waiting with some other people for transportation.

Decoded sentence: young man wearing a baseball cap christ at the base of a statue of jesus and jesus.
Answer sentence: a young man wearing a baseball cap brushes at the base of a statue of jesus christ, during the day.

Decoded sentence: young man traveling on a piece of flowers with flowers in the bus.
Answer sentence: a young man traveling on bus with a piece of flower in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young man taking a picture of a man outdoors.
Answer sentence: a young man taking a picture of another young man outdoors.

Decoded sentence: young men stand on a sidewalk near a bus with a newspaper and a newspaper behind them.
Answer sentence: a young man stands on a sidewalk between a newspaper dispenser and a trashcan, with a bus in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man standing in front of a freight car holding a red freight car.
Answer sentence: a young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo.

Decoded sentence: young man sitting on a sidewalk playing a guitar and dumpster.
Answer sentence: a young man sitting by a dumpster on a sidewalk playing the guitar.

Decoded sentence: young men sit outside with a dog.
Answer sentence: a young man sits with a dog outside.

Decoded sentence: young girl shaving her face while he takes a picture in the mirror.
Answer sentence: a young man shaves his face, while a girl behind him takes a picture in the mirror.

Decoded sentence: young man with goggles as he runs with a white bungee tethered on his eyes of the cord.
Answer sentence: a young man runs with goggles above his eyes and a bungee cord tethered to him as a man on a bicycle with a white helmet laughs.

Decoded sentence: young man preparing food with a man in a background.
Answer sentence: a young man preparing food with diners in the background

Decoded sentence: young man posing with a camera looking at a camera.
Answer sentence: a young man poses with a stick and looks at the camera.

Decoded sentence: young men play a billiards ball for a billiards and billiards.
Answer sentence: a young man playing nine ball billiards is aiming for the nine ball.

Decoded sentence: young man performing a stunt on a very small platform while another man is performing very.
Answer sentence: a young man performing a bicycle stunt on a very small platform, while another is spotting him.

Decoded sentence: young man lifting a lid to dumpsters.
Answer sentence: a young man lifting the lid to a dumpster.

Decoded sentence: young men leaps from a mountaintop into a rocky mountaintop.
Answer sentence: a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.

Decoded sentence: young man jumping in the ocean with a skate beach in the background with a skateboard.
Answer sentence: a young man jumping his skateboard in a skate park with the ocean and a beach in the background.

Decoded sentence: young men are at a beach looking for ' heads ' ball and a man on it.
Answer sentence: a young man is ' heading ' a ball while on the beach, another young man, in the background, looks at him.

Decoded sentence: young man taking a bag of trash up to take on a street and dumpster.
Answer sentence: a young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.

Decoded sentence: young men are standing in a kitchen holding dishes and large casserole.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish.

Decoded sentence: young men stand in front of a cafe with a pink and pink flowers in front of a small building.
Answer sentence: a young man is standing in front of the candy cafe with a small tree with pink flowers in the front of the building.

Decoded sentence: young man sitting at a wall with ornate hands and a young man sitting in a backpack and.
Answer sentence: a young man is sitting next to the ornate building wall with the backpack on the ground and hiding his face in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young men shoot pool.
Answer sentence: a young man is shooting pool.

Decoded sentence: three young men with candles tops are presenting a cake with a man on top.
Answer sentence: a young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top.

Decoded sentence: young man sits on a grassy road looking at a large country of a country in the background.
Answer sentence: a young man is looking for a ride on a country road, sitting on a grassy field with a large tree and mansion in the background.

Decoded sentence: young people skateboarding at a skate park with skateboards in the background and watching.
Answer sentence: a young man is in midair while skateboarding at a skate park with people watching him in the background.

Decoded sentence: young asian children in front of a man in a sports cap and a man taking a picture of a.
Answer sentence: a young man is having his picture taken in front of a picture of an asian sports team, while a child walks in a ball cap walks in front of the picture.

Decoded sentence: young man gets haircut across a man with a haircut draped to get a haircut.
Answer sentence: a young man is getting his haircut by another man with a towel draped across his shoulders.

Decoded sentence: two young men are riding a skateboard and another man is doing a picture of the scooter.
Answer sentence: a young man is doing a skateboarding trick while two guys take pictures and another is riding a scooter.

Decoded sentence: young men are crossing a crosswalk at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a young man is crossing an urban street at the crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: young man in a yellow pants is watching with a large audience in a large audience.
Answer sentence: a young man in yellow pants is engaging in physical activity with a large audience watching.

Decoded sentence: young man in uniform stands back of a bust case with a bust man on top.
Answer sentence: a young man in uniform is standing with his back to a museum case that has a classical bust on the top shelf.

Decoded sentence: young man in red jacket poses in a air with a young man on his hand and a man in a red.
Answer sentence: a young man in sneakers and a red jacket is posing with one hand on the ground and the other raised in the air.

Decoded sentence: young man in a lot of shorts is following a man with a lot of shorts and empty garbage.
Answer sentence: a young man in shorts and a polo shirt is carrying a garbage bag out of an empty lot with another man following him.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue shirt and sunglasses on a skateboard with palm trees on the pavement.
Answer sentence: a young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees.

Decoded sentence: young man in black race running in the grass with a man in a race on it.
Answer sentence: a young man in all black running in a race on a sidewalk with onlookers sitting in grass behind him.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a white shirt is sitting on a motorcycle with a young girl wrapped with her.
Answer sentence: a young man in a white shirt is sitting on a wall with his legs wrapped around a young girl, with their motorcycle helmets on the wall behind him.

Decoded sentence: young man in a tank top looking at a fountain with a fountain.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tank top looking back at a woman near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: young men peer over a kitchen area in a green shirt and tan and tan high hats and tan high.
Answer sentence: a young man in a tan hat and a green shirt peers over a waist high wall separating the kitchen and living area of a home.

Decoded sentence: young man in a suit standing at a crowd of art appears to be standing out for the crowd.
Answer sentence: a young man in a suit standing out from the crowd, at what appears to be an art exhibition.

Decoded sentence: young man in a subway walking.
Answer sentence: a young man in a subway walking.

Decoded sentence: young man in a striped hoodie is looking at a man 's artistic says artistic artistic looking.
Answer sentence: a young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic levi 's advertisement that says `` we are all workers. ''

Decoded sentence: young man in a blue shirt and blue jeans is a ball with a young man in jeans and a blue.
Answer sentence: a young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley.

Decoded sentence: young man in a park setting is slam a young man on the park.
Answer sentence: a young man in a park setting has just made a slam dunk on a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: young man in green shirt strumming a guitar.
Answer sentence: a young man in a green t-shirt strums his guitar while sitting cross-legged on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young man in colorful costume singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young man in red shirt and blue cap is going ready to go a cooler.
Answer sentence: a young man in a brown shirt and cap has a blue and red cooler ready to go.

Decoded sentence: three young men in matching blue and one in a blue sweater and one in a blue sweater are.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch, one a man a cigarette, or match in his month.

Decoded sentence: young man in blue shirt eating a hotdog.
Answer sentence: a young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog.

Decoded sentence: young man in a black shirt is playing with a croquet mallet.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black t-shirt plays croquet with an inflatable mallet.

Decoded sentence: young man in a black shirt and black blackberry blackberry on a giant machine looking at.
Answer sentence: a young man in a black shirt is looking at and pointing to a message on a giant machine bearing the brand name `` blackberry. ''

Decoded sentence: young man holding up a cigarette as he holds a cigarette up the wood and he is pressing.
Answer sentence: a young man holds up a piece of wood and a chainsaw as presses a cigarette between his lips.

Decoded sentence: two young men holding a white pipe on the sidewalk with a young girl sitting on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a white pipe against his mouth on a sidewalk with two girls sitting on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young men in front of a large green building shaped like a man shaped large green balloons.
Answer sentence: a young man holding a green balloon shaped like a star in front of a large stone building.

Decoded sentence: young man getting ready to hit a purple with purple and purple bat.
Answer sentence: a young man getting ready to hit a can with a orange and purple bat.

Decoded sentence: six young men 's chalk are looking out on a barbecue on a barbecue as six young men are.
Answer sentence: a young man flips up a welders ' mask as a young girl looks on, a six-pack, barbecue, and chalk message in the background.

Decoded sentence: young men dressed in red and red life trunks and waterskiing trunks are waterskiing.
Answer sentence: a young man dressed in blue swimming trunks and a red life jacket waterskiing in a blue lake.

Decoded sentence: young man doing a trick off of a concrete bench.
Answer sentence: a young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.

Decoded sentence: young men in a big clothing stand on the cellphone while standing around a big alley.
Answer sentence: a young man carrying a big bag of clothing is standing in an alley and talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: young man and graffiti attempting to graffiti on a skateboard on a park covered wall during.
Answer sentence: a young man attempts a tricky maneuver on his skateboard along a graffiti-covered wall in a park.

Decoded sentence: young chefs and women playing food in a chef 's dress eating food at a table.
Answer sentence: a young man and woman dressed in play chef 's hats are eating food at a table.

Decoded sentence: young man and a woman are walking next to a wall with graffiti on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young man and an old woman are walking along a sidewalk next to a wall with graffiti on it.

Decoded sentence: young boy sitting on a tree in a open floor with a christmas tree and a younger boy decorated.
Answer sentence: a young man and a much younger boy are sitting on the floor, opening a present, with a decorated christmas tree in the background.

Decoded sentence: travelers wearing red shirts and black pants perform their technique in a terminal as a.
Answer sentence: a young male wearing a red shirt and black pants is performing a dance technique in a terminal station for travelers.

Decoded sentence: extra males are dumping out of a small water motorboat.
Answer sentence: a young male dumps the extra water out of his small motorboat.

Decoded sentence: young male with curly hair and brown curly vegetables with curly hair hiding in the market.
Answer sentence: a young male child with curly brown hair, hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor 's market.

Decoded sentence: young male and child are floating on a grass with a bright blue boat and a lake in the.
Answer sentence: a young male child is floating on a makeshift boat upon a bright blue lake with rocks and light green grasses in the background.

Decoded sentence: young man with brown hair is pointing a paper next to a young man reading a paper.
Answer sentence: a young lady with brown hair is reading a compass while the man next to her points to a paper.

Decoded sentence: two young ladies with umbrellas adoring their adoring as they walk by a adoring adoring.
Answer sentence: a young lady with an umbrella is walking by while two women are adoring the adorable puppy one gentleman was walking.

Decoded sentence: young lady dressed in blue and black top with a black top is posing in the dance.
Answer sentence: a young lady is dressed in a blue top with black leotards and is in a dance pose.

Decoded sentence: young lady and videotaped sit in front of a truck on a truck sysco.
Answer sentence: a young lady is being videotaped while she 's sitting in her stroller in front of a sysco truck on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young man crying as a young man makes a sad while a sad sad is seen.
Answer sentence: a young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.

Decoded sentence: young joyous kids are smiling.
Answer sentence: a young kid smiling, looking joyous.

Decoded sentence: young kids in blue pants and blue pants are on ice along a ski top of a grass.
Answer sentence: a young kid in a dark blue sweater and yellow pants is skiing over ice that is on top of green grass.

Decoded sentence: young girl with red shirt and red shirt is painting the picture of a young girl wearing.
Answer sentence: a young girl, wearing a red shirt and with an animal painted face, painting her own picture.

Decoded sentence: young hispanic girl in a hispanic descent stand window of a plant and surrounded by plants.
Answer sentence: a young girl, of perhaps hispanic descent, is standing in an open window surrounded by clothes and outdoor plants.

Decoded sentence: young girl on a red hoodie balancing in a greed while a young girl balancing with a red.
Answer sentence: a young girl with red-hair and glasses balances on one foot while another girl in a greed hoodie watches.

Decoded sentence: young girl with brown hair and light brown hair is helping a young girl with a light brown.
Answer sentence: a young girl with light brown hair is opening a present with the help of an older boy with darker brown hair.

Decoded sentence: young girl with a small girl scoops her hair with a blond girl in a sand scoops on a beach.
Answer sentence: a young girl with blond-hair is digging in the sand with a small scoop on the beach with the ocean in the background.

Decoded sentence: young girl with brightly colored clothing prepares to help food in a narrow alley.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big smile, wearing brightly colored clothing helps prepare food in a narrow alley.

Decoded sentence: young girl with black and white coat is jumping in the snow surrounded by pine trees.
Answer sentence: a young girl with a big black coat jumping, surrounded by white snow and a mountain covered in pine trees.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on a pot surrounded by pumpkins and giant orange flowers.
Answer sentence: a young girl who is sitting on a giant orange pumpkin and is surrounded by pots of flowers smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a butterfly costume.
Answer sentence: a young girl wears a butterfly costume.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing white straw straw and white jumper with her straw congregate.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a white jumper drinks from a straw while other girls congregate behind her.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a yellow dress with a pink roses and a young girl making funny faces.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a pink and white dress with a crown of pink and yellow roses makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a bright green grass walking in the grass by a bright green house that.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants and light blue pants sit in the field of.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a light blue dress and a young boy wearing navy pants and a yellow shirt walk up the steps to the cockpit of an airplane sitting in the field of an aviation museum.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing brown helmet riding a horse.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a helmet and riding a brown horse.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a bikini innertube.
Answer sentence: a young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by fabric that is a small girl surrounded.
Answer sentence: a young girl sitting on a small chair surrounded by what looks like handmade fabrics and bags.

Decoded sentence: young girl sits on a edge of a sink.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on the edge of a sink.

Decoded sentence: young girl sitting on a rock field overlooking a large rock.
Answer sentence: a young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field.

Decoded sentence: young girl serving biscuits to a biscuits biscuits.
Answer sentence: a young girl serving biscuits to an elderly man.

Decoded sentence: young girl on bike in underwear.
Answer sentence: a young girl on her bike in her underwear

Decoded sentence: young girl jumping off a concrete block with a girl in a hand jumping in the air.
Answer sentence: a young girl jumping off a concrete block, with her arms and hands in the air, above her head.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing red coat and red coat in mouth.
Answer sentence: a young girl is wearing a red coat and has her finger in her mouth.

Decoded sentence: young girl walks through a grassy pasture.
Answer sentence: a young girl is walking through a grassy pasture.

Decoded sentence: young girls are swinging in a backyard.
Answer sentence: a young girl is swinging in a backyard.

Decoded sentence: young girl smiles in front of a camera at a park.
Answer sentence: a young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park.

Decoded sentence: young girl plays outside a house.
Answer sentence: a young girl is playing outside her house.

Decoded sentence: young girl lying on a dirt cart route to the man on the dirt horse route.
Answer sentence: a young girl is lying on some personal belongings, on a cart that is dragged by a horse and a man, on a dirt route.

Decoded sentence: young girl poses in a grass for a camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl is laying in the grass posing for the camera

Decoded sentence: young girl on a side of a young girl drawn hopscotch while a child watches.
Answer sentence: a young girl is drawing a hopscotch game on the side of a road while other children are watching.

Decoded sentence: young girl in sunglasses posing for camera.
Answer sentence: a young girl in sunglasses, poses for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young girl in pink with white pants and a young girl in pink pants and forest.
Answer sentence: a young girl in pink pants with white polka dots is studying something in her hand as she sits in a lush forest.

Decoded sentence: young girl in blue tank top running on top of grass near a blue tape.
Answer sentence: a young girl in dark shorts and a blue tank top runs on the grass near an orange cone and tape.

Decoded sentence: young girl in orange bathing suit is playing on the shore of a beach.
Answer sentence: a young girl in an orange bathing suit plays on the beach 's shore.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a baseball field dancing with a yellow and yellow baseball on stage.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a yellow dance, dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background.

Decoded sentence: young girl in gray shirt and gray pants leaning over a kitchen counter.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a red shirt and gray pants is leaning over a kitchen counter laughing.

Decoded sentence: young girl in pink dress stands on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a pink dress stands on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.

Decoded sentence: young girl in short green shirt and green shorts riding very short bike out of a very apartment.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a green shirt and shorts out riding her bike past a very nice apartment building.

Decoded sentence: young girl in black shirt and black quad on a right hand with four young girls on it in.
Answer sentence: a young girl in a black shirt and a blue helmet is sitting on a quad, or four wheeler, with her right hand on the handlebars.

Decoded sentence: young boy holding a younger boy and a younger boy possibly place in a public place.
Answer sentence: a young girl holds a younger boy, possibly her brother, surrounded by adults, in a public place.

Decoded sentence: young girl mounted from a basketball hoop for a basketball.
Answer sentence: a young girl hangs from the mounting beam of a basketball hoop.

Decoded sentence: young girl on a back float on a floating back floating in the water.
Answer sentence: a young girl floats on her back in water and peers over her life jacket.

Decoded sentence: young girl dressed in pink with white scarf and scarf next to fire chimney while a chimney.
Answer sentence: a young girl dressed in white with a pink scarf smiles as she poses next to a fire in a chimney.

Decoded sentence: young girl is doing a handstand on a bed with a blue sheet.
Answer sentence: a young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets.

Decoded sentence: young girl dancing in front of a very hot city clothes wearing a bright pink clothes and.
Answer sentence: a young girl dancing in front of a city building wearing very bright clothes and hot pink socks

Decoded sentence: young girl and girls are checking out at the food store at a store.
Answer sentence: a young girl and an older man are checking out at the food store.

Decoded sentence: young girl in a river looking next to a river in a river looking like a young girl.
Answer sentence: a young girl and a dog standing in a river next to a fallen tree, both looking in the same direction.

Decoded sentence: young gentlemen with blue tie talking into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young fighters one is practicing with a punch for his peers.
Answer sentence: a young fighter is practicing his punches with one of his peers.

Decoded sentence: young female wearing a uniform and a softball uniform jumping into the air into a softball.
Answer sentence: a young female wearing a softball uniform and glove jumps into the air while holding a ball.

Decoded sentence: young female swimmers jumping ready to block the female at the block.
Answer sentence: a young female swimmer is getting ready to jump off the block.

Decoded sentence: young female sitting in a chair with a female sitting on his feet in the sand.
Answer sentence: a young female is sitting in a chair on the beach, while reading a book with her feet in the sand.

Decoded sentence: young female in a green tank top and a young tank top standing in a railroad track.
Answer sentence: a young female in a green tank top and shorts standing in the middle of the railroad tracks.

Decoded sentence: young female basketball player in red and another in a red dress and another player in.
Answer sentence: a young female basketball player in red and white blocks another in possession of the ball who is dressed in white and maroon.

Decoded sentence: young african american child sitting on a swing with a chain and holding a chain on.
Answer sentence: a young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing.

Decoded sentence: young female woman wearing glasses and a haircut getting a haircut with a pink apron.
Answer sentence: a young female adult is getting her haircut by a woman wearing glasses and a pink shirt with a black apron.

Decoded sentence: young boy and boy playing a horse at a playground fair.
Answer sentence: a young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a yellow and white checkered clothing is playing with a toy in shallow.
Answer sentence: a young dark-haired boy wearing black and white checkered clothing is playing with a yellow toy boat in the shallow waters of a beach.

Decoded sentence: two young workers in hard hats and hard hats stand around a large hammer of air while a.
Answer sentence: a young construction worker in a hard hat utilizes a air hammer to break up large boulders while two of his co workers stand by.

Decoded sentence: young child casting a child on as she dives into the pool.
Answer sentence: a young child, who has a cast on her arm, is diving into a pool.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing orange and blue shirt and green balloons blowing up a balloon.
Answer sentence: a young child, wearing a blue shirt and green hat, is blowing up an orange balloon.

Decoded sentence: young child with curly hair and brown eyes is sitting in a chair with curly hair on the.
Answer sentence: a young child with brown curly hair and brown eyes sits in a foldaway chair on the sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young child with yellow hair and boots plays with a shovel with a shovel and truck.
Answer sentence: a young child with blond-hair and yellow boots plays with a shovel, rocks and a dump truck.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing blue pants and blue pants and a young child stand on a concrete circle.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing green shoes, red pants, a blue shirt, and a blue hat stands on top of a circle that is on a cracked piece of concrete.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a white shirt with a backpack and patterned patterned patterned overall.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing an overall dress with a floral patterned skirt and a white t-shirt pets a baby deer with a backpack on her back.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a yellow shirt and blue shorts playing side the side along the side.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a yellow striped t-shirt and blue shorts is playing along side the lake and rocks.

Decoded sentence: young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals with a toy sitting on a blue floor.
Answer sentence: a young child wearing a blue shirt and sandals playing with a red toy while sitting on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young children using sponge on their oven oven.
Answer sentence: a young child using a sponge on the front of an oven.

Decoded sentence: young children splashing in water.
Answer sentence: a young child splashing in water.

Decoded sentence: young children are riding a motorbike through the mud.
Answer sentence: a young child rides a motorbike through the mud.

Decoded sentence: a young child playing with a toy floor on a toy floor.
Answer sentence: a young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.

Decoded sentence: young children leading a large dog on a shore.
Answer sentence: a young child leads a large dog on the shore.

Decoded sentence: young children jumping on a bed while a young man looks.
Answer sentence: a young child jumping on the bed as a man looks the other way.

Decoded sentence: young children sitting at a table with a piece of paper written on a piece of paper.
Answer sentence: a young child is sitting at a table inside a restaurant and is writing on a piece of paper with a pen.

Decoded sentence: young children play in a water with a toy tank.
Answer sentence: a young child is playing in a water tank with toys.

Decoded sentence: young children petting a animal.
Answer sentence: a young child is petting an animal.

Decoded sentence: young children are holding onto a wicker wicker wicker wicker wicker.
Answer sentence: a young child is holding onto the back of a wicker chair.

Decoded sentence: young happy mother and child smiles at the mother.
Answer sentence: a young child is happy because her mother is smiling at her.

Decoded sentence: young children from a faucet filled for water.
Answer sentence: a young child is filling a bucket of water from a faucet.

Decoded sentence: young child in blue jeans and blue jeans and a young child riding on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young child in green shoes, blue jeans, and purple jacket rides a bike on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young child in winter jacket and boots accompanied by a young child in winter boots walks.
Answer sentence: a young child in a yellow jacket, pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle, accompanied by her dog.

Decoded sentence: young child in a striped sweatshirt and striped sweatshirt brushing her hair.
Answer sentence: a young child in a striped sweatshirt brushes the hair of a younger child.

Decoded sentence: there are a young child in a red shirt and a young child chewing in the background.
Answer sentence: a young child in a red shirt is chewing a stem of grass and there is a horse in the background.

Decoded sentence: young children and a white fisherman are playing with a blue ball in the water while a.
Answer sentence: a young child in a green shirt and a fisherman type hat near the water playing with a blue and white ball.

Decoded sentence: young children are watching a parade in a parade going to go flags and watching.
Answer sentence: a young child holds an american flag and balloons while watching a truck go by in a parade.

Decoded sentence: young woman holding a 93 with a number 93 with a number 93 on it.
Answer sentence: a young child holding hands with a woman and the walk past a wall with the number 93 painted on it.

Decoded sentence: young children holding flowers and nose.
Answer sentence: a young child holding a flower to her nose

Decoded sentence: young child in blue shirt and blue shirt sit in water with water staring out to the water.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed in a yellow plaid shirt and a blue hat, sits and stares out at the water.

Decoded sentence: young children dressed as a little child is riding.
Answer sentence: a young child dressed as little red riding hood.

Decoded sentence: young children are hugging with a brown hair and light brown.
Answer sentence: a young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair.

Decoded sentence: young brunette wearing a purple and black and black pants and a purple finch stretching.
Answer sentence: a young brunette wearing purple and black floral stretch pants is attaching her bike to a finch.

Decoded sentence: young male in a blue shirt and a young male in jeans and a basketball court on a basketball.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male in a striped blue shirt and denim jeans, tossing a basketball on a basketball court.

Decoded sentence: young brunette girl in a red jacket comforts her comfort.
Answer sentence: a young brunette male comforting a young girl in a red jacket.

Decoded sentence: young brown woman plays guitar into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a young brown-haired woman plays her guitar and sings into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red shirt and a red flannel shirt is hitting the metal of metal anvil.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing suspenders and a red flannel shirt, hits a piece of metal on an anvil.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red tank top and a red tank top riding on the snow outside a mountain.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing shorts and a red tank top, is sliding down a mountain of snow, riding a board on his belly.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing orange shirt and orange bag pouring mulch while standing in the mulch.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing an orange shirt, is standing outside, while a man in a green shirt pours mulch from a bag.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a dark blue uniform and blue uniform stands in the middle of the field.
Answer sentence: a young boy, wearing a red sports uniform, stands in the middle of an empty sports field under a dark blue sky.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing black shorts and a green jersey is playing soccer while a boy in a green.
Answer sentence: a young boy, playing soccer, is wearing a green jersey and black shorts and has his face buried in his hands.

Decoded sentence: young boy dressed in yellow and yellow gee stands ready to gee the karate stand inside.
Answer sentence: a young boy, dressed in a karate gee and wearing a yellow belt, stands ready to defend himself inside a gym.

Decoded sentence: young boy and boy leaps and wide young boy leaps on a rocky shoreline.
Answer sentence: a young boy, arms and legs splayed wide, is leaping into the water on a rocky shoreline.

Decoded sentence: young boy with long brown hair peering over top of a fruit area with a green crate and.
Answer sentence: a young boy with long brown hair hides behind a cardboard box, peering over the top of the box in an area with green crates of fruits and vegetables.

Decoded sentence: young boy with flowers on her face and a boy in a striped shirt is overalls in a flower.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron.

Decoded sentence: young boy with flour on his cheek and a young boy in a bowl of a bowl as he is dressed.
Answer sentence: a young boy with flour on his nose and cheeks is dressed in overalls and an apron has his hands in a bowl while he smiles for the camera.

Decoded sentence: young boy with dark hair and white skin leaning against a bus with a green bus window.
Answer sentence: a young boy with dark hair and skin leaning out of a window of a white bus with green and orange stripes.

Decoded sentence: young boy with long black hair and a dark black shirt and a bald man with a dark lawn working.
Answer sentence: a young boy with black hair and tie-dyed shirt and jeans and an older man balding with a long-sleeved dark shirt and jeans working on lawn equipment.

Decoded sentence: young boy with a overturned orange shirt on is looking at a overturned set at a overturned.
Answer sentence: a young boy with an orange shirt on is looking at a tool set with an overturned bike at his side.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing white shirt and white shirt is in midair reading while in midair.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing white and a shirt reading `` 85 '' is in midair, doing a martial arts kick.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing swimming trunks and walks across the beach next to a beach.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing swimming trunks is walking across rocks next to a beach.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing dark rubber shirt and boots lying on a checkered rail while a young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing rubber boots dark shorts and a checkered shirt is lying down sleeping on stacks of yellow metal guard rails.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a blue tank cap and a young boy wearing a blue tank cap and blue shorts.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing over-sized blue tank top and shorts, and a red and blue cap, is looking through the viewfinder on a camera placed on a tripod.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a black shirt and black pants looking at a computer screen on a computer.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing black pants and a pinstriped shirt looks at something on a computer screen.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a yellow and white pants and a young boy with her pants and a white belt.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white tunic, white pants, and a yellow belt is standing on his left leg with his right leg extended in a karate pose.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red shirt and white print shirt holding a book while he is holding.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a white shirt with `` frog ! '' printed in red, turns the pages of a book he is holding.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a tropical shirt and cleaning oven.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a tropical shirt scrubs his oven clean.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing winter coat and red coat holding up a red bar.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants is mopping around a washer washer washer.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red scarf and red scarf writing with free up in the word cheek.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a red bandanna is having a free with a free painted in the face.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a red bandanna is having his face painted with `` free b ... '' in red letters.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a gray sweater and blue jeans down a gray sweater.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a gray sweater, blue jeans and boots hangs upside down in a tire swing.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a blue hat and gold jacket and blue jacket kneeling in the snow in a.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a dark blue jacket and hat is holding a gold and white dog in his arms and kneeling by a metal fence in the snow.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a blue winter hat carefully is carefully at the arrangements of flowers.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue winter coat and hat, is looking carefully at flower arrangements.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a blue shirt and blue inspection standing up the tree of a tree inspection.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing black pants and a large white shirt is on top of a large chair and a.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a black shirt, brown pants and a black watch has his hand on a white folded chair which is on the top of a large stack of similar folding chairs.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a bathing suit is running on the shore while the young boy wearing a.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a bathing suit and rash guard runs into the ocean as the waves bubble up on the shore.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a baseball jersey wearing a baseball jersey swinging at the incoming.
Answer sentence: a young boy wearing a giants jersey swings a baseball bat at an incoming pitch.

Decoded sentence: young puppet shop admiring boy in a downtown center at a convention shop in a convention.
Answer sentence: a young boy watching and admiring puppets in a puppet shop at the downtown convention center.

Decoded sentence: young boy walks with a bucket of a bucket on top.
Answer sentence: a young boy walks with a bucket on top of his head.

Decoded sentence: young boy throwing ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy throwing a ball.

Decoded sentence: young baseball baseball game looks at the bleachers and the young boy in the bleachers.
Answer sentence: a young boy swings a baseball bat at a baseball game while adults look onward in the bleachers.

Decoded sentence: young boy swinging upside down from a bar.
Answer sentence: a young boy swinging upside down from a bar.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in a room with a dilapidated dilapidated and a dilapidated and a chalkboard.
Answer sentence: a young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background.

Decoded sentence: young boy with sunglasses watching a woman with sunglasses watching her eyes closed and.
Answer sentence: a young boy slides down a blue slide with his eyes closed while a woman with sunglasses watches, smiling.

Decoded sentence: young boy sleeping on a makeshift cot in a makeshift area.
Answer sentence: a young boy sleeps on a makeshift cot in a flooded area.

Decoded sentence: young boy sitting and eating.
Answer sentence: a young boy sits while eating.

Decoded sentence: two young boys are sitting alone on a dirt road alone holding a young boy in a dusty wagon.
Answer sentence: a young boy sit alone in a wagon and holds on tightly to two cattle as they follow his mother 's wagon down a dusty dirt road.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing blue swimsuit running barefoot.
Answer sentence: a young boy runs barefoot while wearing a blue swimsuit.

Decoded sentence: young boy running with boogie boogie board into water.
Answer sentence: a young boy running with a boogie board into the water

Decoded sentence: young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road.
Answer sentence: a young boy rides a bike down a snow covered road.

Decoded sentence: young boy pressing a food into a food plate.
Answer sentence: a young boy presses his face into his plate of food.

Decoded sentence: young boy play a game in a video restaurant game.
Answer sentence: a young boy plays a video game in a mcdonald 's restaurant.

Decoded sentence: young boy playing with a toy toy.
Answer sentence: a young boy playing with an improvised toy.

Decoded sentence: young boy looks on as adults fix blue and blue bike.
Answer sentence: a young boy of trying to fix his blue bike while an adult looks on.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a latin origin unpacking a tropical container of a tropical container.
Answer sentence: a young boy of latin american origins wearing shorts and seated on a matte on the ground seems to be unpacking a container of tropical fruits.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumps in the pool from a man in a swimming pool.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumps in a swimming pool towards a bald man in the water.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumping into a pool wearing goggles.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping into the pool wearing goggles.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumping on a trampoline in a grassy backyard.
Answer sentence: a young boy jumping barefoot on a trampoline in his grassy backyard.

Decoded sentence: young boy seems to be on a path of a sea and green disappear and a young boy walks on the.
Answer sentence: a young boy is walking on what seems to be a chilly day, though the path he 's on seems to disappear into a sea of green grass.

Decoded sentence: young boy using a vacuum cleaner.
Answer sentence: a young boy is using a vacuum cleaner.

Decoded sentence: young boys swim in a swimming pool next to a underground.
Answer sentence: a young boy is swimming in an underground pool right next to the 3.5 ft. sign.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in front of a supermarket while a young boy stands in front of him find.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in front of a register often found in supermarkets, and a woman is handing him a green item from a shopping basket that has other items in it.

Decoded sentence: young boy standing in the classroom while a young boy watches as he stands classmates by.
Answer sentence: a young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project, but having difficulties, while his classmates watch him.

Decoded sentence: young boys spinning up on a baseball bat.
Answer sentence: a young boy is spinning around a baseball bat on the grass.

Decoded sentence: young boys sit on a grass.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting on the grass.

Decoded sentence: young boys sit in blue chairs.
Answer sentence: a young boy is sitting in a blue chair.

Decoded sentence: young boy pushes a rubber atv around a toy pool.
Answer sentence: a young boy is pushing a toy atv around a rubber pool

Decoded sentence: people sitting at a table in a room full of chairs and a young boy with a fist look across.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him, in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables.

Decoded sentence: young boy looking a young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy is looking and touching a bike

Decoded sentence: young boy kneeling on a white cloth next to a white cloth.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kneeling on a white floor next to an orange cloth.

Decoded sentence: young boy kicks the ball from 3 soccer ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy is kicking a soccer ball away from 3 opponents.

Decoded sentence: young boy jumps into the ground beside a young boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground.

Decoded sentence: young boy with his stuffed stuff hanging out.
Answer sentence: a young boy is inside a couch cushion with stuffing hanging out.

Decoded sentence: young boy asleep in a boy 's on the boy.
Answer sentence: a young boy is asleep at a table with his face on a plate.

Decoded sentence: young boy in blue swimming trunks and blue pail holding a shovel on a sandy beach.
Answer sentence: a young boy in swimming trunks holds a blue pail and a bright green shovel on a sandy beach.

Decoded sentence: young boy holding a plastic bucket of a bucket while swimming in a hawaiian bucket of swimming.
Answer sentence: a young boy in hawaiian style swim trunks holds a plastic bucket and shovel on the shore of the ocean.

Decoded sentence: young boy in red shirt and black pants is placing in a checkered place.
Answer sentence: a young boy in checkered pants places a red shirt in a black tub.

Decoded sentence: young boy in blue and blue foundation plays at the water fountain in a brick fountain.
Answer sentence: a young boy in blue trunks plays in the water at an outdoor fountain with a brick foundation.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a yellow shirt stands in a grassy area with a younger boy and a younger white.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow shirt is jumping in a grassy area with a younger boy, in a white shirt, standing behind him.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a yellow surfboard is carrying a yellow surfboard on the shore.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a yellow rash guard is walking on the shore carrying a surfboard.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a blue shirt with a young boy in a red hat and blue hat on a skateboard with.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a t-shirt, sweats and a red hat, skateboarding in a skateboard arena, with an audience on the side and blue skies above.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a swimming suit is sitting in water.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a red shirt and a young boy squatting on a white ground.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red and white shirt is squatting on the ground, surrounded by bushes.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a red shirt playing with a toy board a board.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a red `` u.s.a. '' t-shirt plays with a toy circuit board kit.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a red shirt and a young boy wearing blue shirt and blue shirt taking a dog.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a green shirt wearing a blue harness stares at a white dog in a red harness while taking a walk.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a gray beanie is skateboarding in a graffited area with a graffited wall out.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a gray beanie is flipping a skateboard off of a curb in an area with graffited walls.

Decoded sentence: young boy in a black jacket is running with a arms outstretched towards the woman.
Answer sentence: a young boy in a black jacket is running towards a woman with outstretched arms.

Decoded sentence: young boy holding a laundry broom in a laundry room.
Answer sentence: a young boy holding a broom or mop in a laundry room.

Decoded sentence: young boy enjoys low low sun.
Answer sentence: a young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon.

Decoded sentence: young boy dressed in blue and white ball kicking soccer ball.
Answer sentence: a young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.

Decoded sentence: young boy crawling under a barrier.
Answer sentence: a young boy crawling under a police barrier.

Decoded sentence: young boy casting a fishing line into the pier.
Answer sentence: a young boy casting his fishing line off a pier

Decoded sentence: young boy cooking a steaks on a wooden grill on a wooden grill outside of a wooden steaks.
Answer sentence: a young boy around the age of ten is cooking steaks on a grill outside on his wooden porch.

Decoded sentence: young boy and girl riding a bicycle down a dirt street with a small tree behind them.
Answer sentence: a young boy and a young girl ride a bicycle down a street, with dirt and small trees around them.

Decoded sentence: young construction workers are looking out to 2 women and a woman look out.
Answer sentence: a young boy and 2 women look out a window to construction workers.

Decoded sentence: young girl wearing a ymca sweater and glasses is watching a telescope with a ymca ymca.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl wearing a ymca sweater looks into a telescope while another girl with glasses watches her.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl getting a haircut to get a yellow and yellow blouse in the haircut.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a striped shirt attempting to lift a large patch of pumpkins.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy wearing a striped shirt attempting to lift a large pumpkin from the pumpkin patch.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy sliding down a red slide.
Answer sentence: a young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide.

Decoded sentence: young blond woman with black hat and khaki shirt is looking down the camera.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman wearing a black shirt and khaki hat looks at the camera, and other people are standing around on the sidewalk area behind her.

Decoded sentence: young blond woman in a black and black outfit sitting in a restaurant.
Answer sentence: a young blond woman in a polka-dot outfit and black glasses sitting in a restaurant.

Decoded sentence: a young girl jumping out of a pink shirt with a young girl jumping high with his tongue.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl with a pink shirt on jumps high into the air while kicking her foot out and sticking her tongue out.

Decoded sentence: young blond girl in pigtails and pink shirt sits atop a crowd in a crowd of pigtails.
Answer sentence: a young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man 's shoulders in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy with blue and white flag rides a bicycle on a red bicycle.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.

Decoded sentence: young blond boy holds a mallet in front of a mallet.
Answer sentence: a young blond boy holds a mallet in front of his face.

Decoded sentence: two young men with black guns are pointing at a man.
Answer sentence: a young black man with two guns pointed at his head.

Decoded sentence: young barefoot boy sitting on a large pole holding a large pole.
Answer sentence: a young barefoot boy is sitting on the earth while holding a large rattan pole.

Decoded sentence: young sleepwear wearing blue and blue sleepwear sleepwear as she sleeps in the mouth.
Answer sentence: a young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping.

Decoded sentence: young boy sneeze about to sneeze a baby sneeze.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy is about to sneeze next to his mother.

Decoded sentence: young boy wearing a baby shirt and a boss boss boss.
Answer sentence: a young baby boy crying while wearing a shirt that says `` i am the boss. ''

Decoded sentence: young asian woman wearing long collared shirt and long shorts sitting on a wooden bench.
Answer sentence: a young asian woman wearing long shorts and a gray collared t-shirt is sitting on a wooden bench.

Decoded sentence: young asian girl sliding down a pole on a playground equipment.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.

Decoded sentence: young adults are doing a book at a laundry book as they wait for laundry.
Answer sentence: a young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.

Decoded sentence: young male architecture wearing a black and black shirt and a young male balancing on a.
Answer sentence: a young adult male, wearing a black shirt and black pants, balances on one leg atop modern architecture.

Decoded sentence: young acrobats in a costume and flaming flaming flaming flaming costumes.
Answer sentence: a young acrobat in flame design costume waits for her turn to compete.

Decoded sentence: young man walking with a downtown bike downtown.
Answer sentence: a young mormon man walking with his bike downtown.

Decoded sentence: young japanese men are taking pictures.
Answer sentence: a young japanese man does not like his picture taken.

Decoded sentence: young asian man wearing a straw hat and a straw hat and holding a straw hat and conical.
Answer sentence: a young asian man wearing a conical straw hat holding straw goods, and another person in the back to the left holding straw goods.

Decoded sentence: young asian man with blue shirt and blue shirt taking a book with a small pencil in his.
Answer sentence: a young asian man in a blue shirt with a small beard and mustache takes notes with a pencil from a large book.

Decoded sentence: six young girls in pink dresses and blue year bushes stand on the yard bordered by a waist.
Answer sentence: a young asian girl in a blue dress, around six years old, is twirling a pink hula hoop around her waist while standing on a well-cut lawn in front of a wooden fence and some bushes and shrubs bordering the yard.

Decoded sentence: young asian boy wearing pajamas is seated on the floor making a insect seat of legos.
Answer sentence: a young asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of legos.

Decoded sentence: young african man wearing a colorful shirt and silk silk american silk walking down a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a young african-american man, wearing a colorful silk-screened shirt and a cap, walks his bicycle down an urban sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: young asian woman wearing sunglasses and tan sunglasses and tan robot while the robot of.
Answer sentence: a young ( asian ) woman wearing sunglasses and a tan coat is smiling and hugging a wooden robot.

Decoded sentence: the tractor is sitting on the hillside.
Answer sentence: a yellow tractor sits on a hillside.

Decoded sentence: two soccer players and two teams are running on a soccer team while the yellow team is.
Answer sentence: a yellow team soccer player is jumping on two blue team players while other players run along side.

Decoded sentence: mia guy with yellow taxi back sitting on a cab in a cab reading a cab.
Answer sentence: a yellow taxi cab with a sign reading `` mama mia ! '' on it, and a guy sitting in the back.

Decoded sentence: the gray and gray team is competing in a soccer match on the city area playing the gray.
Answer sentence: a yellow t-shirt soccer team competes against a gray t-shirt team in a match played on a stone tile city area.

Decoded sentence: robot robot in a yellow robot.
Answer sentence: a yellow robot and young girl touch each other 's hands.

Decoded sentence: there are a snorkel snorkel swimming underwater with a yellow mask and carrying a mask.
Answer sentence: a yellow gloved diver with a snorkel and mask swims underwater carrying a box with a handle.

Decoded sentence: a dog covered running through a yard covered in a yellow and yellow leaves holding a toy.
Answer sentence: a yellow dog running through a yard covered in leaves while holding a yellow toy in his mouth.

Decoded sentence: wrestlers walking in opposite direction as a opponent walks in the opposite direction.
Answer sentence: a wrestler crouches in pain while his opponent walks in the opposite direction.

Decoded sentence: people wearing bright black clothes are picking up trash while they cross the street on.
Answer sentence: a worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him.

Decoded sentence: a worker walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a worker walking down the street.

Decoded sentence: workers searching a glass with nun older older.
Answer sentence: a worker searches an older nun with glasses.

Decoded sentence: workers working to make sure sure machine.
Answer sentence: a worker making sure his machine is working correctly.

Decoded sentence: workers in exotic shirts stand behind a produce stand behind a produce offer food.
Answer sentence: a worker in a checkered shirt weighs out produce behind a stand that offers exotic foods.

Decoded sentence: workers in blue hats are fixing a wall.
Answer sentence: a worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall.

Decoded sentence: workers dressed in orange are spraying at a overall pressure with a overall orange side.
Answer sentence: a worker dressed in orange overall sprays off an ocean side road with high pressure water.

Decoded sentence: safe horse is safe the horse for a wooden fence.
Answer sentence: a wooden fence keeps the horse 's safe.

Decoded sentence: a man sitting at a table looking at a fancy table and looking next to the fancy table.
Answer sentence: a women sitting at a fancy table looking at her food. a man standing next to the table.

Decoded sentence: sbarro standing on a subway next to a man sbarro talking on a subway restaurant.
Answer sentence: a woman, talking on her cellphone, and a man are standing outside of a sbarro pizza restaurant, next to the subway.

Decoded sentence: frisk in nun attire and nun looks like nun 's frisk a female.
Answer sentence: a woman, in nun attire, is being frisked by a female security guard, while another woman looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black shirt is attempting to throw a large ball in a large black and black.
Answer sentence: a woman, in a t-shirt and a skirt, leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black top walking in front of a large body of sunglasses.
Answer sentence: a woman 's lower body can be seen as she wears blue jeans and walks in front of a large sign depicting another woman wearing a black top and sunglasses.

Decoded sentence: a woman polishing her hands over a gray and black exist while a woman polishing her hand.
Answer sentence: a woman 's hands are shown applying black-colored nail polish over an existing layer of gray-colored polish.

Decoded sentence: a woman appears to be working on a laboratory of a laboratory type of equipment surrounded.
Answer sentence: a woman works on a piece of computer equipment, while surrounded by a variety of mechanical and computer equipment, in what appears to be some type of laboratory workroom.

Decoded sentence: a young woman working on a wall with a tan skin on a tan wall.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a painting of a young woman on a wall with tan skin.

Decoded sentence: a woman working on a large blanket of a woman using a large blanket to make a machine.
Answer sentence: a woman working on a large machine which she appears to be using to make a blanket of some sort.

Decoded sentence: women working at a newsstand.
Answer sentence: a woman working at a newsstand.

Decoded sentence: a lone woman in a white shirt with a sailboat lying in the ocean overlooking a sailboat.
Answer sentence: a woman with white hair in a yellow shirt lies in the grass overlooking the ocean in which a lone sailboat is visible.

Decoded sentence: two women with hula hoops perform in front of a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman with two hula hoops performs in front of a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman with sunglasses on her head and carrying a blond toddler.
Answer sentence: a woman with sunglasses on her head is carrying a blond toddler.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue heels sitting on a sidewalk wearing a length of high.
Answer sentence: a woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a short entryway and a entryway is sitting in a entryway near a entryway of.
Answer sentence: a woman with short hair and sunglasses is sitting behind a glass partition in the entryway of a building.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a purple scarf and blue scarf is waving around a wave in a shiny decoration.
Answer sentence: a woman with shiny decorations in her hair is waving around purple, blue, and orange scarves.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the reddish hair is applying mascara to the eyelashes.
Answer sentence: a woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.
Answer sentence: a woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the red and green design is covering his face on the face and the woman.
Answer sentence: a woman with red eyes and green makeup on her face, holds up a beige colored, ornately designed fan to cover her mouth.

Decoded sentence: the blond woman on the black hair is pulling a tent while standing around a white tent.
Answer sentence: a woman with pulled up blond-hair and sunglasses on is standing near a black and white tent.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a pink hair is playing a bow in a bow.
Answer sentence: a woman with pink bows in her hair plays an instrument.

Decoded sentence: a girl with long blue hair and a small child holding a piece of flood hair while running.
Answer sentence: a woman with long hair holds the hand of small girl in one piece blue bathing suit while they run among other children on flooded pavement.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long dark hair stands in front of a window.
Answer sentence: a woman with long dark hair standing in front of a window.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long black hair and a length of heeled shoes looks in mid au of a shop window.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair, wearing a mid-length coat, black heeled shoes is looking in the window of the au levain d'antan shop.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long hair and a blond woman stands along the bicycle.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is standing over her bicycle while other bicycles are around her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with long hair is sitting on a stool with a long piano.
Answer sentence: a woman with long blond-hair is sitting on a stool with a piano.

Decoded sentence: a woman with sunglasses sits on a back of a sofa wearing a phone and sunglasses while a.
Answer sentence: a woman with her hair up and wearing sunglasses is sitting and leaning against the back of a sofa while looking at her phone.

Decoded sentence: there is a man with a glasses and a woman with glasses and a woman staring like he is raising.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses raised is staring with her mouth open and there is a man with a child behind her.

Decoded sentence: people with yellow glasses looking at a table with two people in the gray room looking.
Answer sentence: a woman with glasses is looking at a gray laptop with two other people at a table in a yellow room.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the dark hair is holding a table full of vegetables in front of the table.
Answer sentence: a woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a brown tank top and a white tank top holding a pole in the pool.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair wearing a black and white striped tank top holding a pole in a pool.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the brown shirt is doing a science experiment while wearing a blue shirt.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt.

Decoded sentence: people with brown hair and brown peruse peruse peruse peruse with a drink in the peruse.
Answer sentence: a woman with brown hair and wearing a brown shirt has a drink while perusing a book with photographs of people in it.

Decoded sentence: a woman with braided string braids and braids on her machine.
Answer sentence: a woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue hair is leaning against a wall playing a guitar.
Answer sentence: a woman with blue hair is playing the guitar leaning against a blue wall.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blond woman is sitting in a booth with a drink on her hair.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a cowboy hat and a cowboy hat riding a brown horse while riding a horse in.
Answer sentence: a woman with blond-hair and a cowboy hat, is holding the american flag while riding a brown horse in an arena.

Decoded sentence: a menu truck at a long black truck is looking at a menu of pink and pink mud and a menu.
Answer sentence: a woman with black pants, a pink long-sleeve shirt and a black purse is standing at mud 's food truck looking at the menu.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and black vest working with a clay clay material as a woman wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair, wearing a blue shirt and orange vest working with some blue clay like material.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a red streaked shirt and a black streaked shirt companion with her hair and.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white dress and black polka dot dress is singing into a microphone.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair wearing a black and white polka-dot dress is singing into a microphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black lamp is holding a lamp at a table with a lamp.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair holds a martini glass at a table with a lamp.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black and black hair is sitting on a rock looking into the distance while.
Answer sentence: a woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a yellow shirt on a bridge stretching.
Answer sentence: a woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white top and a white top eating a visor with a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the ponytail and white shirt is walking.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt and ponytail walks by.

Decoded sentence: people with white shirts and white target are looking at target as a woman holds a dart.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white shirt aims a dart at an off-camera target as several other people holding darts look on beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a gray purse is walking across a platform across a tall building platform.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black and white jacket is walking down the sidewalk with a black banner.
Answer sentence: a woman with a white jacket and black pants is walking down the sidewalk in front of a banner advertising hamburgers.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black jacket and a walkie jacket with a black walkie bicycles standing in.
Answer sentence: a woman with a walkie talkie and a bicycle helmet and bicycle standing near another woman in a black jacket.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the black and black wig and sunglasses is holding up a large mirror.
Answer sentence: a woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face.

Decoded sentence: tinted with a tattoo of sunglasses sits on a multicolored and yellow tinted a woman with.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo sits with a pair of yellow tinted sunglasses on her multicolored hair.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a tattoo on her back walks towards a camera.
Answer sentence: a woman with a tattoo on her back walks away from the camera.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the straw hat is sitting on the steps outdoors.
Answer sentence: a woman with a straw hat is sitting on steps outdoors.

Decoded sentence: a man with a shopping bag is standing next to a young man with a crowd in a crowd of sale.
Answer sentence: a woman with a shopping bag labeled `` sale '' stands in a crowd next to a young man with a camera.

Decoded sentence: a young woman with long black skirt and a black skirt holding a child with long black arm.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red sleeveless top and a long black skirt holding one young child in her arm and holding another young child by the hand as she walks along.

Decoded sentence: a woman with dark colored coat and dark coat walks on a city street along a city street.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red purse and a dark colored coat is walking along a city street while talking on a cellphone.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the red apron and apron is leaning into the frame making the paper.
Answer sentence: a woman with a red and orange apron makes paper-mache orbs while her friend leans into the frame.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a leather jacket with a ponytail leather jacket stands outside of a store.
Answer sentence: a woman with a ponytail in a leather jacket is standing outside of a store that says `` since 1889. ''

Decoded sentence: a woman with a peace shirt on his shirt is grilling vegetables.
Answer sentence: a woman with a peace symbol on her shirt grills vegetables

Decoded sentence: the woman with the large purse is walking by.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a large hall walking in a large hall.
Answer sentence: a woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue hooded jacket wearing a red hooded jacket.
Answer sentence: a woman with a headband wearing a blue, yellow and red hooded jacket.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a traditional head reads a piece of paper coverings from a microphone.
Answer sentence: a woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.

Decoded sentence: a man with a hammer and a woman hangs on her level of a tree level.
Answer sentence: a woman with a hammer watches as a man levels a picture of a tree being hung on the wall.

Decoded sentence: the man with the gray shirt and gray backpack is holding a small child 's backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and pink backpack holding a small child and a young man standing beside her.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the gray shirt and gray apron is working with a dirty wood.
Answer sentence: a woman with a gray shirt and dirty white apron works with wood.

Decoded sentence: the man with the floral shirt is walking with a floral and black purse and has a floral.
Answer sentence: a woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a white hat and white hat standing on the snow leaning against a store window.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chinese hat on leaning on the wall standing behind a cut out of snow white in front of some store windows.

Decoded sentence: a girl with a small girl and a small girl watch jenga is playing jenga of a chain and watching.
Answer sentence: a woman with a chain around her neck leans before a small girl playing a game of jenga while others watch on.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a picket bucket standing inside a fence.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bucket standing beside a picket fence.

Decoded sentence: the woman with the black top and black coat is standing along the top of the apple display.
Answer sentence: a woman with a brown coat and a woman with a black top stand along displays of oranges, apples, and other fruits.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a bright blue measure measure a old woman sits in the chair of a chair.
Answer sentence: a woman with a bright blue satchel measures the blood pressure of an old woman sitting in a chair.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue umbrella is standing next to a meter.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue umbrella stands next to a parking meter.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts is walking on a green taxi hand with a taxi boy.
Answer sentence: a woman with a blue shirt and blue shorts has her hand on a white taxi, as a boy in a green and white shirt walks beside her.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black top is holding papers papers.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black top is holding papers beside a road.

Decoded sentence: there are a woman with a black and black coat and a brown coat driving down the city street.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black purse and brown coat is standing outside on a city street and there 's a police car driving down the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black jacket and black jacket standing next to a building.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and headphones standing next to a building that is under construction.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a black and black jacket and black jacket looking down at a cellphone.
Answer sentence: a woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a backpack sitting outside with a backpack and others.
Answer sentence: a woman with a backpack sitting outside a building with others.

Decoded sentence: a woman is walking a bus side of a bus on a bus with a woman in front of her.
Answer sentence: a woman whose head is not visible walks in front of a bus with an advertisement on its side.

Decoded sentence: strange aloof men and women wearing strange hats are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
Answer sentence: a woman who looks serious and aloof and a man wearing a strange balloon hat are crossing the street at a crosswalk.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a hospital holds a baby while holding a baby.
Answer sentence: a woman who just gave birth holding her baby in the hospital.

Decoded sentence: a woman showing her daughter as he fix her computer.
Answer sentence: a woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing.

Decoded sentence: peddle dressed up holding umbrellas on her bike.
Answer sentence: a woman who is dressed up peddles on her bike while holding an umbrella.

Decoded sentence: the woman is weaving her yarn while weaving on the child in the background.
Answer sentence: a woman weaves yarn as a child watches on in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a backpack is laying on a backpack and laying beside her.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses is laying her head on a backpack like a pillow.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on a beach.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing sunglasses and a black shirt is running on the beach.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a chinese round a chinese.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rubber gloves is kneeling on the ground next to a few round, colorful, chinese lanterns.

Decoded sentence: the woman appears to be wearing jeans and a woman checking out her bus up the bus.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans passing bus a pass whose ad appears to be checking her out.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing jeans and a black shirt walks up the bus past a bus carrying a shopping.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing rolled up jeans and a black shirt is walking past a bus carrying a shopping bag.

Decoded sentence: a woman is listening to a wall with headphones and wearing headphones on it.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing red flip-flops site on a wall while listening to something with headphones.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing pink pants and sitting on a chair playing a bass.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing pink pants is sitting on a chair and playing the bass guitar.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing heavy heavy makeup and makeup stands in front of a store with heavy makeup.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing heavy makeup stands in front of a store with a neon sign saying, `` red light. ''

Decoded sentence: chevy wearing a green van chevy on a chevy 's water.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing green pants spraying water on her chevy van.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a flat glass is sitting on a wooden surface wearing a wooden surface while.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing glasses puts her hand on the shoulder of a young child as they sit at a flat wooden surface.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red boots and brown boots is walking through a large crowd of outdoor.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing brown boots and holding a red cup walks through a large outdoor crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue pants is bending over a child 's next to a table and bending at.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing blue pants is bending over next to a woman and small child seated at restaurant table.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black language is standing in front of a wall with multiple hair written.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black with black hair is standing in front of a wall with writing in multiple languages.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black and black sunglasses is smiling and looking by the right.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black sunglasses looks to the right and smiles.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket and black shorts and a white jacket standing next to a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black shorts, a black jacket, and white t-shirt is standing arms akimbo next to a building.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing black is hugging the child.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black is hugging a child.

Decoded sentence: a lone woman wearing black purse and carrying a black purse is walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black heels and carrying a white purse is walking down a lone street aligned with thin trees.

Decoded sentence: sweets women wearing black and black sweet hats with sweets hats share a sweets sweet.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black glasses is sharing sweets with a toddler girl wearing a princess hat.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing black and black plays in a street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing black and red is playing a violin in the street.

Decoded sentence: the woman is wearing a apron is working.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing an apron is working.

Decoded sentence: munching wearing a white sleeveless top and blue pants is seen through a visor food munches.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white sun visor, blue sleeveless top and white see through pants munching on food in a crowded area.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a tan shirt and tan pants stands along the cart of a beverage vendor while.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt, tan pants, and boots is standing beside a vendor cart that contains various beverages.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and a guy in a white shirt is sitting on a chair with open.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt sits in a folding chair with her mouth open while several guys look on.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a black shirt is in a black shirt and a woman on a white surface is on the surface.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and a short, black skirt is in motion on a green, artificial surface.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white hat and a white skirt and a white skirt jumping in front of a tree.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat, white top, and orange skirt is jumping in front of some trees.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white shirt and a white hat jogging down the street with plants on a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a white hat and shirt is jogging down a street with a plant store on the corner.

Decoded sentence: two children wearing jeans and a little child are playing on a swing with a little child.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sweater and jeans is playing on a tire swing with two little children in an outdoor park.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a orange gloves and a flat orange structure working on a flat container.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a sunhat and gloves sorts oranges, surrounded by flat containers of oranges resting on a lattice work structure suspended at waist level.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a skirt reads a book on a stone bench.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a green shirt and short striped apron is examining a plastic market with.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short-sleeved striped shirt and carrying a green shopping bag examines fish in an open air market while a vendor in a white apron over a gray t-shirt hands her an empty plastic bag.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a denim jacket and denim shorts is standing in front of a brick building.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short skirt, yellow top, and denim jacket stands in front of a brick building covered with worn out signs.

Decoded sentence: two women wearing short white shorts are walking in front of a large car carrying a large.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a short dress and high heels walking in front of two men carrying a large bottle while walking beside a white car.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing glasses is talking to the man wearing glasses.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is tailgating.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is tailgating.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue scarf and blue scarf holding paper wrapped in theme theme theme.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf is holding a gift wrapped in blue character themed wrapping paper.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a scarf and scarf reads her thin wooden structure on a wooden structure.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a scarf and reading a thin book reclines on a wooden structure.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red tank top is cutting hamburgers in a half.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red tank top is cutting a hamburger in half.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red cloth and a cloth passes by shacks shacks down a street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a purple and white pants is with a purple top and a woman capri pants is.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple top and white capri pants and a man with white shorts on are near a fountain.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a purple shirt and a black protectors with a red ring and a woman wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple sport bra and black gloves and face protection boxes with a woman wearing a red shirt, red gloves and a black head protector in a boxing ring.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black dress and black boots is walking through a crowd of a crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a purple dress and black boots walks through a crowd drinking from a glass bottle.

Decoded sentence: pullover wearing a elderly person with a pullover flag is bending over a patch of pullover.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pullover with an american flag patch bends over an elderly person who is lying on the ground.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink dress with a pink hair walking down the street in a busy street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink white and orange dress with braids in her hair walking down a busy street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink sweater is wiping his wooden table with a wooden sponges and pink.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink sweater and eyeglasses is wiping a wooden table with a pink sponge.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and a pink shirt is sitting down next to a pile of rocks with.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt is sitting down with her hand against her face next to a pile of rocks and is around kids and other adults.

Decoded sentence: microwave wearing a red apron and a pink apron is holding a menu on the chalkboard as a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pink shirt and red apron stands in her restaurant holding food and surrounded by bagged breads, a microwave and the chalkboard menu up on the wall.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a maroon shirt and pale maroon jeans is sitting on a couch next to a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a pale shirt and jeans is sitting on a couch next to a man in a maroon shirt.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a colorful costume and a colorful scarf swirls around a metallic metallic.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a metallic headdress and costume is swirling colorful scarves around herself.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a maroon hoodie and black hoodie is wading through shallow water with a.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a maroon hoodie is holding a black object as she wades through shallow water under a bridge.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a green skirt and green skirt hanging up laundry on the line.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a long green skirt is hanging laundry up on the line.

Decoded sentence: elongated wearing a white tank top and a white tank top walks up in the steps with graffiti.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a horizontal striped shirt and a woman wearing a white tank top walk up elongated steps in an alley lined with graffiti painted walls.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a backdrop is pouring liquid from a scenic liquid in front of a scenic.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a headscarf is pouring liquid from one cup into another, in front of a scenic backdrop.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket and sunglasses is sitting on a ground with a black and black.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat, sunglasses, and a black jacket is sitting on the ground with a purse right next to her.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a hat carrying a back on a back.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat carrying a little girl on her back.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a hat and sandals has a busy street looking on her left left and a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a hat and a woman wearing sandals looking to the left of them on a busy street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a gray shirt and black smock holding a light blue from a child.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray t-shirt holds a child wearing a black shirt under a light blue smock.

Decoded sentence: attractively wearing a white shirt is playing a golf area in a golf area with a woman wearing.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a gray shirt and white shorts is playing golf in a golf area that is attractively landscaped with flowers.

Decoded sentence: people wearing head coverings and a city pass the city on the city as they pass the walk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a full body head covering is carrying a bag on her head as she walks through a city while other people pass by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a floral floral floral and smiling.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral necklace makes a drink and smiles.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a floral floral floral thread is cutting on a loom.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a floral head covering is cutting a thread on a loom.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a colorful shawl shawl shawl using a sewing machine.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a brown dress with a brown dress is pushing a toddler at the park.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a brown dress with a matching turban is pushing a toddler through a park in his stroller.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing bright yellow jacket and a bright yellow jacket stands on a busy street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a bright yellow jacket and hat stands on a busy street while others walk by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a winter jacket crosscountry with a blue and blue sky with pine trees.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue winter jacket crosscountry skies with a small pine tree dragging behind her.

Decoded sentence: clasps wearing a blue sweater is sitting at a table with a colorful tablecloth and a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue sweater sits at a table with a colorful tablecloth and clasps her hands together.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a white jacket and blue headband is walking out of the tunnel and a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue skirt, high heels, a white shirt, green jacket and headband is walking out of a tunnel.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a girl with chalk on the sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress is drawing a picture of a boy and a girl on the sidewalk with sidewalk chalk.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a black dress is walking high in the train station while wearing a yellow.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue dress and high heels at a train station walks away from the tracks towards a yellow upright suitcase, while a bald man in black looks on from a nearby bench.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue blouse is riding a bicycle in a blue blouse.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a yellow leather jacket with a bra and black leather jacket standing in front.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black leather jacket with yellow bra standing in front of a man wearing many necklaces.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red bandanna and a white bandanna is sitting on a bench while a woman.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket, red and white sneakers, and a red bandanna sits on a bench.

Decoded sentence: people wearing black jackets and black and black young girl getting ready to pass the street.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a black jacket walking down the street with a young girl wearing a backpack, getting ready to pass a group of people standing on the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a backpack and a backpack is walking on a sidewalk.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a backpack walks on the sidewalk while a car drives by.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a miniature shirt and a miniature miniature walkway in front of a miniature.
Answer sentence: a woman wearing a t-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway.

Decoded sentence: a woman washing clothes on a rock in a river washing clothes.
Answer sentence: a woman washing her laundry in the river, beating her clothes on a rock.

Decoded sentence: plots walking out a path to balance straw on the path and a woman cutting.
Answer sentence: a woman walks up a path that cuts through cultivated plots while balancing straw on her head.

Decoded sentence: a woman scratching her face while walking down the street.
Answer sentence: a woman walks down the street while scratching her face.

Decoded sentence: a woman dressed as a mannequin walks along a street window while a mannequin in a red dress.
Answer sentence: a woman walks along a street as she looks to a window display of a mannequin in a red dress.

Decoded sentence: the woman wearing a red dress is walking by a red and woman.
Answer sentence: a woman walking while wearing a red dress and red shoes.

Decoded sentence: a woman walking on a street with a bag and a woman on her back and a child in a back walking.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on the street with a child on her back and bags under one arm and in her other hand.

Decoded sentence: the woman is talking on the phone while walking on the street and talking.
Answer sentence: a woman walking on a street talking on the phone and she is carrying a mannequin

Decoded sentence: a man walking in front of a street with a young boy and a woman running behind her.
Answer sentence: a woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her, and a running man behind her.

Decoded sentence: cheeseburger walking down a sidewalk cheeseburger cheeseburger over.
Answer sentence: a woman walking down the sidewalk beside a cheeseburger advertisement.

Decoded sentence: ventriloquist women play with a beautiful dragon in a beautiful garden and a woman ventriloquist.
Answer sentence: a woman ventriloquist is playing with her colorful green and red dragon in a beautiful garden backdrop.

Decoded sentence: three people are using a amongst a woman amongst a cellphone on a cellphone.
Answer sentence: a woman using her cellphone on a sidewalk with three people talking amongst themselves in the background.

Decoded sentence: the woman is using her sewing machine to sewing on a sewing machine.
Answer sentence: a woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: a woman throwing a frisbee on the beach.
Answer sentence: a woman throwing a frisbee on a beach.

Decoded sentence: two women and a man with a large office and a man with a large office in a office talking.
Answer sentence: a woman talks to two other women and a man with notepads in an office building with large windows.

Decoded sentence: animatedly woman and animatedly animatedly next to a body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water.

Decoded sentence: three women talking to a woman 's.
Answer sentence: a woman talking to a group of three other women.

Decoded sentence: a man emerges on his cellphone while a man is talking with his cellphone on his cellphone.
Answer sentence: a woman talking on a cellphone and a man with a mustache emerge up the stairs from an underground subway.

Decoded sentence: numerous numerous women sit on a laptop steps using a laptop and smoke next to a laptop.
Answer sentence: a woman taking a smoke break and using her laptop while sitting on some steps, next to her numerous bags.

Decoded sentence: a man wearing a pink hat and pink hat taking a picture of a man taking a picture.
Answer sentence: a woman takes a picture of a baby wearing a pink hat while a man carries her.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands at a table with a rainbow colored of paper maker on it over a rainbow drawn.
Answer sentence: a woman stands over a child who is drawing a picture of a rainbow with brightly colored makers on a piece of paper at a table.

Decoded sentence: a woman is outside.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside near an elaborate chalk illustration.

Decoded sentence: a woman stands outside a store.
Answer sentence: a woman stands outside a store.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a large length dress standing on a balcony window with a large length of.
Answer sentence: a woman stands on a balcony wearing a knee length dress taking pictures, with vines that cover the large windows.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a road looking at the buildings in the distance.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in the road looking off at the buildings in the distance.

Decoded sentence: the woman is standing in front of the pizzeria while the woman is standing by.
Answer sentence: a woman stands in front of a pizzeria while traffic buzzes by her.

Decoded sentence: people standing in a shelf with 3 refrigerated 3 women and a woman case for sale.
Answer sentence: a woman standing with 3 other people in a store with two tables, some shelves with coffee and tea for sale, and a refrigerated drink case.

Decoded sentence: a woman and sandals wearing a blue tank top standing on a sunny day at the top looking.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside on a sunny day looking at something wearing blue jeans and sandals and a tank top.

Decoded sentence: woman leaning against a bucket of stairs while standing at a man in a green bucket with.
Answer sentence: a woman standing outside leaning against a shovel which is in a bucket as she stairs at a man with a green cap.

Decoded sentence: a woman standing on a rock while preparing to jump into the water.
Answer sentence: a woman standing on a rock prepares to jump into the water.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in front of store with arms crossed.
Answer sentence: a woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.

Decoded sentence: woman standing by a fence on a wire fence.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a wire fence on a sidewalk.

Decoded sentence: woman dressed in winter weather and standing in a garage of a garage between red weather.
Answer sentence: a woman standing by a car in a garage dressed for winter weather in a red knit scarf, black gloves and hat and red handbag.

Decoded sentence: the woman is squatting in the air while the little boy in the air smiles as she is squatting.
Answer sentence: a woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy, as he smiles and raises his hands in the air.

Decoded sentence: pepper women standing holding a green peppers at a grocery peppers.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles while holding several green peppers at a grocery stand.

Decoded sentence: rags and a child lying on the floor as they clean the recumbent floor.
Answer sentence: a woman smiles as she cleans the floor with rags while a child lies recumbent on the sofa.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sleeping behind a counter of a shop.
Answer sentence: a woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop.

Decoded sentence: woman in a rainbow jacket sitting next to a rainbow with a rainbow over a rainbow umbrella.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting outside in the sun with a jacket over her head and a rainbow umbrella next to her.

Decoded sentence: people sitting on a train in the train with boxes and holding a white box.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a train in between two people holding a white box and closing her eyes.

Decoded sentence: a woman sitting on a grassy hill with a tennis racket sitting by.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting on a grassy hill hitting a tennis ball with a racket.

Decoded sentence: the stands appears to be out the ice cream cream.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a desk labeled programmes and ice cream, the stand appears to be out of ice cream.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting up and looking at a counter.
Answer sentence: a woman sitting at a counter is looking up.

Decoded sentence: a boy sitting in a cookie with a cookie and a woman making a funny face with his face.
Answer sentence: a woman sits with a boy in an orange hat with a cookie in his hand as he makes a funny face.

Decoded sentence: a woman sits on a gray bench beside a bottle.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a gray bench beside a bottle.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting on the chair outside of a blue and blue tennis court.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a chair against a blue wall beside a tennis court.

Decoded sentence: woman sitting on a bed with a stuffed camel and putting on her face.
Answer sentence: a woman sits on a bed with a stuffed camel in her lap while putting her hands over her face.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting in a subway station.
Answer sentence: a woman sits in a subway station.

Decoded sentence: stray sit in a wild stray awaiting a woman in a wild.
Answer sentence: a woman sits hidden in the dried stray awaiting an animal in the wild.

Decoded sentence: a woman on a desktop is sitting next to a desktop screen while a woman points on her computer.
Answer sentence: a woman sits at a desktop computer as a woman standing next to her points out something on the screen.

Decoded sentence: the woman is sitting on a bench in a park park.
Answer sentence: a woman sits alone on a park bench in the sun.

Decoded sentence: a woman bent down on a subway with a small black shirt and jeans bent down to a subway.
Answer sentence: a woman seated on the subway wearing blue jeans and a black shirt with small designs has her head bent down to her knees.

Decoded sentence: scuba women diving with scuba large sea.
Answer sentence: a woman scuba diving with a large sea turtle.

Decoded sentence: handsome dressed in homemade clothing sit on wooden steps while reading a homemade coelho.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in handsome homemade-looking clothing sits on a wooden step and reads brazilian author coelho.

Decoded sentence: tribal dressed in blue and green costumes dancing in a parade while onlookers watch.
Answer sentence: a woman scantily dressed in a tribal green and blue costume dances in a parade while onlookers watch.

Decoded sentence: a woman dressed in a market and s s s vegetables and vegetables at a farmers market.
Answer sentence: a woman s sitting in front of a bunch of vegetable in a dress while at a farmers market.

Decoded sentence: woman riding a bike down a street in a fall.
Answer sentence: a woman rides her bike down the street in the fall.

Decoded sentence: the woman is riding a frozen horse near a frozen horse in winter time.
Answer sentence: a woman rides a horse near a frozen lake in the winter time.

Decoded sentence: woman reaching out to light.
Answer sentence: a woman reaching out to lights.

Decoded sentence: a razor woman cutting her hair 's razors.
Answer sentence: a woman razor cutting another woman 's hair.

Decoded sentence: rapels treetops through a treetops treetops.
Answer sentence: a woman rapels through barren treetops.

Decoded sentence: firewood putting a woman in a firewood.
Answer sentence: a woman puts the firewood in order.

Decoded sentence: a woman pushing a cart through a coffee plaza.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a coffee cart through a plaza.

Decoded sentence: a woman holding a young child is pushing a baby with a white backpack and backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman pushing a baby stroller is holding the hand of a young child with a white backpack.

Decoded sentence: people pushing bikes in a stroller with a woman on them.
Answer sentence: a woman pushes a child in a stroller with several people on bikes behind.

Decoded sentence: a woman selling her yarn from a spool of yarn on a street side.
Answer sentence: a woman purchases a spool of yarn from another woman, who is selling on the side of the street.

Decoded sentence: people preparing a grill to directly off a grill in a background directly of a meat background.
Answer sentence: a woman prepares a plate of meat coming directly off of a grill while people talk in the background.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a blue sweatshirt and blue sweatshirt playing with a baby lying on the.
Answer sentence: a woman plays with a baby wearing a blue hooded sweatshirt and lying on a patterned rug.

Decoded sentence: a woman running a softball while running a softball.
Answer sentence: a woman playing softball, running to catch the ball.

Decoded sentence: the woman is playing the beach volleyball from the beach volleyball as the woman dives.
Answer sentence: a woman playing beach volleyball is diving for the ball as it falls towards the sand.

Decoded sentence: woman picking up large rock.
Answer sentence: a woman picking up a large rock.

Decoded sentence: a woman takes a picture of a wide open eyes as a woman takes pictures and a woman takes.
Answer sentence: a woman opens her eyes wide and sticks her tongue out as she holds a camera to take a picture.

Decoded sentence: a woman on stage wearing a blue and white top and black pants is standing behind a stage.
Answer sentence: a woman on stage lit from behind standing in front of a microphone wearing a gray top and black pants with a red, white, and blue flag wrapped part way around the lower half of her body

Decoded sentence: woman on a ski going up a hill carrying pine trees.
Answer sentence: a woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree.

Decoded sentence: woman on a sidewalk with luggage.
Answer sentence: a woman on a sidewalk with luggage.

Decoded sentence: squinting on a shoreline wearing a multicolored jacket and pale multicolored jeans.
Answer sentence: a woman on a shoreline wearing pale jeans and multicolored jacket, is squinting through a telescope.

Decoded sentence: cradles on a couch is cradles a cat.
Answer sentence: a woman on a couch is cradling a cat.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing a red shirt and a spaghetti boots cleaning off the boat on a boat as they.
Answer sentence: a woman on a boat wearing a spaghetti strap shirt, red gloves and boots, points off the boat while she cleans something.

Decoded sentence: a woman with a pink helmet is riding on a public area while a woman rides a blue bike over.
Answer sentence: a woman on a blue bike with a pink helmet rides by a public fountain as the sun rises over an urban area.

Decoded sentence: hound man on a balcony with a light white shirt and a white jacket holding on his teeth.
Answer sentence: a woman on a black and white hounds tooth jacket is being held by a man with black facial hair with a white striped shirt, on a balcony with a view of the city with its lights on.

Decoded sentence: a man on a segways standing with a crowd in the crowd.
Answer sentence: a woman on a segway standing with some men in a crowd.

Decoded sentence: a woman asking to a subway in a subway entrance to a woman in a pink coat and pink coat.
Answer sentence: a woman next to a subway entrance in a tan coat is asking a woman in a pink coat directions.

Decoded sentence: a woman mount a ladder to a ceiling.
Answer sentence: a woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.

Decoded sentence: the man is sitting next to keep the magazine and woman reading her magazine out.
Answer sentence: a woman looks up from her magazine at something while the man sitting next to her keeps reading.

Decoded sentence: headwear dressed women in white shirt over water from a leafy woman in white shirt on.
Answer sentence: a woman looks out over the water dressed in a blue dress, white shirt, and green leafy headwear.

Decoded sentence: a woman looks on as he looks like a toddler reaching up.
Answer sentence: a woman looks on as a toddler reaches up towards the sky.

Decoded sentence: roofed looking down to a woman in blue asphalt asphalt asphalt asphalt building.
Answer sentence: a woman looks down in a steeply-angled asphalt parking lot next to a blue-roofed building.

Decoded sentence: a woman looking out the window.
Answer sentence: a woman looking out a window.

Decoded sentence: a woman in a lab looking at a telescope likely likely likely likely looking at science.
Answer sentence: a woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab.

Decoded sentence: a woman looking at a display on a wood display.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at wood items that are on display.

Decoded sentence: a woman looking at a bus through a glass of strangers.
Answer sentence: a woman looking at a stranger through the glass of the bus.

Decoded sentence: a woman leaning against a white and white ocean looking at a ocean.
Answer sentence: a woman leaning against a white cross looking at the ocean below.

Decoded sentence: the woman is laying on the platform in the middle of the body of water.
Answer sentence: a woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.

Decoded sentence: a woman wearing sash sash.
Answer sentence: a woman is wearing a sash while waving.

Decoded sentence: a woman is watching a child in front of a cage inside a cage.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching her child, who is in front of a chicken inside a cage.

Decoded sentence: a woman watches a black dog.
Answer sentence: a woman is watching a black dog.

Decoded sentence: a woman walks a park with a baby stroller at the local park.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park.

Decoded sentence: woman walking across street with bananas and briefcase while eating.
Answer sentence: a woman is walking across the street eating a banana, while a man is following with his briefcase.

Decoded sentence: woman standing and waiting with a bicycle near a backpack.
Answer sentence: a woman is waiting to cross the street while another woman with a backpack stands near a bicycle.

Decoded sentence: the woman is using a mirror as a young girl looks on as she shows her painted young girls.
Answer sentence: a woman is using a mirror to show a young girl what her painted face looks like while a crowd looks on.

Decoded sentence: a girl on a beach is standing in the foreground while a woman takes a photograph of water.
Answer sentence: a woman is taking a photograph on a beach at the edge of the water while a girl stands in the foreground.

Decoded sentence: spaulding is falling to take a picture of a woman on the spaulding 's day by the day spaulding.
Answer sentence: a woman is surprised to have her picture taken on this fall day outside spaulding 's women 's store.

Decoded sentence: woman staring at the back of a man in gray jacket and looking back.
Answer sentence: a woman is staring outside to a man in a gray jacket not looking back at her.

Decoded sentence: woman standing with arms looking at her arms.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing with her arms crossed and looking at something.

Decoded sentence: woman standing in a round with a round round structure with a round rough round out of.
Answer sentence: a woman is standing in a rough hewn structure with a round opening with her head sticking out above the opening.

bleu score 0.22473752084977555
